=== [CONTRACTS.AI] Week 5 Transcript - March 03.docx ===
Week 5 Transcript - March 03
VIEW RECORDING - 74 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sorry to be late.
@0:01 - Jenn McCarron
I still don't have the audio I like to use on. I'm very frustrated. My whole audio setup has just died suddenly.
@0:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, no. Did you die your hair? No, it's just light.
@0:16 - Jenn McCarron
They're on in the room. I think it's hitting the back of my head.
@0:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Ah, because looks blue. was like, oh, very fashionable. I like it.
@0:24 - Jenn McCarron
Very, uh, it's very blue. I have a lot of, like, studio lighting going on in here. LED-colored lights.
@0:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice. Um, how'd your week?
@0:37 - Jenn McCarron
So far, so good until this audio stopped working. Everything's, everything's great. I mean, the best news ever, we signed our first Enterprise customer yesterday.
@0:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, congrats. Thank you so much. Huge master. So is this, like, the first pilot? Partner?
@0:55 - Jenn McCarron
There's not a pilot. We piloted. We already cleared that phase. And, and, This is the first enterprise customer.
@1:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh my gosh, even better. Yeah.
@1:07 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, that's why you kept talking about launch and stuff, and I was telling you all along, we're launched. We've been piloting to various degrees of pilot, and we cleared the onboarding, the cyber risk questionnaires, et cetera, and we're ready to go.
Oh my gosh.
@1:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, I feel so good, especially, like, I feel like I'm part of this journey as well for some reason, but it feels nice.
@1:32 - Jenn McCarron
You are on this journey for sure, especially with, you know, the work we do together with the LinkedIn. And if in a few short weeks, I mean, what have we been at it?
Four weeks? Three weeks?
@1:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, four weeks. Yeah. Yeah.
@1:48 - Jenn McCarron
It's working, and I'm getting so many signals from partners in the ecosystem and from customers, people getting back, people getting on my calendar.
We the LinkedIn posts there. I had dinner last night with a potential partner at a CLM company, a guy from iSertis, and we had tagged him in one of the posts and said, iSertis acquiring Dioptra.
@2:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's the move.
@2:16 - Jenn McCarron
Get the speedboat to pull the tanker. And it got their attention. It got his attention. And he kept quoting my posts to me all night.
But he's like, there's something about you, me, that's like real and realist. And I speak from a place of experience, not your typical founder who hasn't always done the job, but is solving in the space.
And he was, I quoted every post. Oh, wow.
@2:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's so good. Did you know the person prior?
@2:50 - Jenn McCarron
No, he, nope. And that's, what's really cool too, is he doesn't know me. And I came into the fore for
Him recently, and he's like, oh, okay, like, ish, but he doesn't know me. didn't follow me for the years before.
Like, he's going to go talk to his colleague at Isertus, a woman, Bernadette, and she knows me. I've done podcasts with her and a lot of community stuff, but he doesn't.
And so to flip people who are new means it's especially working and hooking them in. Yeah, yeah.
@3:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We're reaching, like, the right people as well. And I think that's the part about LinkedIn that a lot of people don't realize, which is you really have to be there, done that as a founder to kind of share these expertise, share these insights.
Yeah. And, yeah, you kind of always have to assume you're writing to strangers because essentially that's what we're trying to do, reach people who don't know who we are.
Exactly, yeah.
@3:52 - Jenn McCarron
And even though, like, a bunch of people from the clock world, the legal ops world, know me or know...
Of me, parasocially know me, or know me personally, they have to get to know me again as a founder with a different story and a problem I'm solving.
And so there's so much room there to even engage and pull them into new dimension here, plus the people who don't know me.
And for, you know, every one person that knows me, there are a hundred who don't in this industry still.
And legal ops people who may have come in at this moment where I was going out, and so they might not know me so actively.
So it's powerful. It's, to me, it's like really working. I see a different, I see a pickup in the demos, in my calendar being full.
I don't even know how people are getting on my calendar. Do I have the link up somewhere for my Calendly?
I don't think so.
@4:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm not sure. I don't think on LinkedIn. Then at least. Interesting. Yeah, I don't even know.
@5:05 - Jenn McCarron
I'm like, who are these people and how are they on my calendar? I don't know. I don't have an assistant.
So it's working and I'm excited about it.
@5:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, amazing. I was reflecting the other day as well about like just our partnership. I'm like, wow, Jenn's like my favorite founder to work with.
Like you provide so many cool insights, so many interesting stories and your energy, the personality that you bring is like so amazing.
So, yeah, I've enjoyed this a lot. Thank you.
@5:39 - Jenn McCarron
Thank you. I love being the favorite. It just means we're having fun. Yeah, yeah.
@5:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I really wanted to dig into specifically the conference, especially like how it went. But then also you shared the notes or like the notes with the team and then you kind of shared that with me as well.
I really wanted to. I'm dig a few deep into those. But yeah, first, how was the conference? How did that go?
@6:06 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, the conference was great. It was a small group, so very focused. And you get surface area with a lot of different in-house people doing contracts.
And it spanned legal GCs down to legal ops people across to procurement. And it drew a lot of regional people, which is great.
Because then you get a local regional swath of people from Miami who big companies, they're big businesses, but it's not like San Francisco and New York big.
So you're getting a second city market that doesn't always get the love and attention. And so they take these opportunities very seriously to network, to learn.
And I sense that in the attendance, in the room, in the focus, there to learn, there to pick up everything that's new and make some contacts to have future demos.
audience. Thank Thank Thank you. Thank you.
@6:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Thank And so you're also in a conference this Friday as well?
@7:05 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, and I anticipate it will be the same but not as impactful in that a lot of the attendees at this Friday's conference are law firm people based in and around Charlotte, North Carolina.
Now, there's a lot going on in Charlotte. There's some major U.S. global banks like Wells Fargo might be headquartered there, Bank of America.
Major, but it's not Miami. And so when you go law firm on the whole thing, everything gets 25 times more boring and more slow and less innovative.
And people can just, for the reasons that are, the culture of the law firm, you could just go there and atrophy in all ways.
I'm not saying law firm people aren't sharp as hell. They're sharp as hell. And they're... They're out there in the world doing very important work, but their incentive to innovate is not – on the tech side, they can just let tech people sit there for 30 years in the job and the people suck.
And they're like, well, they're loyal, so they keep the job. In corporate, in Fortune 500 and the Fortune 1, they're like, you suck?
@8:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Goodbye.
@8:21 - Jenn McCarron
And they push you out. You're kind of great. Goodbye. You're out because the political thing. And it just moves differently.
Tech does as well, especially in California, where I've worked for so many companies in years. So I'm not anticipating as, like, big of a thrust, but I think I can come away from this Friday with, you know, 25 more people have me on their radar.
Follow me on LinkedIn and then get fed the story. Oh, awesome.
@8:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. I think, like, we've kind of almost grown by, like, 500 or something followers since we worked together. So, yeah.
Yeah. only been like a matter of like a month. So really cool. And they're all like our ICP, you know, really high fit.
So it's just a matter of when they start having conversations with us. One of the comments you mentioned was around leading with a diagram in your presentation.
I'm keen to kind of hear more about that because I remember we were also discussing that, like maybe creating some visual to kind of represent.
But like what sort of diagram were you kind of referencing or?
@9:32 - Jenn McCarron
Wait, I was referencing a diagram?
@9:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think in the, wait, me, let me do the shape of Slack. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.
you very much. I remember it was something around how like the other speakers like Ivo wasn't leading with a diagram or something.
There was something around like confusion or conflicts.
@10:15 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, two. Oh, got it. Two things.
@10:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
feedback from the pitch.
@10:19 - Jenn McCarron
Feedback from this person. So I did my presentation at like 5 o'clock at night towards the end of the day wrap up, my 10-minute pitch.
And sometimes like a good measure of how effective my presentation is, is how long do people stick to me for the rest of the day, evening, events, et cetera.
And I was with people until 1130 at night and we were having a blast chatting and connecting. And we kind of had to be like, we have to go.
It's very late. We would have kept going, just talking and connecting. And the two women I was with until the end were Legal Tech at Amazon and Legal Tech.
And a lawyer at Salesforce. And that's big for me because that shows I'm speaking in the pitch, in the presentation to big company and, you know, Fortune 500 needs gaps problems.
And they were saying things like, oh my God, I didn't even realize this was a problem. I just thought this was the mediocre state of legal tech that they have to work that way in forever.
And I'm like, no, we're about to make a big jump forward in finding what you need, et cetera, in the contract.
So the Amazon woman said to me, she's like, my only piece of feedback for you is, trying to find the window.
Do I have it open? I just had to close. Yeah, I have it open. The only piece of feedback is our platform has a feature that auto-families auto-relates all the contracts once it.
you. Fathom its analysis and extraction. That's one of the things amongst the 100 plus fields it does. And it puts it into a visualized diagram where you see like MSA agreement, child agreement, the addendum, related agreement, amendment, related agreement, SOW.
Let's see if I can just show you this quickly. It does this. This is a kind of a crude example of a few in our test environment where it related amendments to their MSA agreements.
Great.
@12:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So you can click on any of this.
@12:44 - Jenn McCarron
You see this is an amendment. You see why they're related with language evidence relating them. Great. Okay, great. And you can come out of this and say, well, play And got good.
What are the latest pricing terms on amendment, whatever? And the ask will come back with the answers on all the terms, whatever you ask it.
The ask knows what changed, what didn't, what's inherited, what wasn't, and has the intelligence to give you the latest.
So, number one, Amazon woman said, okay, we talked, I talked about this like two-thirds of the way into the, in my presentation.
And I even admitted in my presentation, and not to bury the lead here, but we auto-family everything. You never have to do that again across your corpus, and then you can ask against it.
He said to me, okay, so you said that two-thirds of the way through, Ivo does this as well. And they said that two-thirds of the way through their big lunchtime demo, one-hour demo.
And she said, did you notice that all the people in the Ivo demo were like, wait, what? Wait, what do you do?
Wait, what? Show me this diagram. Wait, what? There was like five, wait, what? And she's like, you know why they were doing that?
Because they couldn't believe this is now automatically possible. And they needed to hear it five times to understand that that is actually true.
And then when they finally learned through that demo woman that it was true, they were like, oh, whoa, an Amazon woman said to me, you need to lead with that.
That's the most important thing. She said that. And then last week when I demoed our platform to the head of CLM implementation at Consilio, a major, major legal services company that implements anything globally in huge companies, majorly successful.
The guy that runs the CLM implementation unit, when we wrapped our call, he said, that's the most amazing thing going on here.
That doesn't exist in the market. That is going to help us tremendously. And I have momentum with Consilio now, and they may want to bring it in themselves for implementations, let alone for customers.
In the past, every legal person has to do this diagramming and relating themselves. Maybe the CLM lets them tag it, but they had to do the finding and the tagging and the linking.
And then when a legal person has to answer a question on, like, what's the latest pricing, they will sit here and reread the document and engineer all of that intelligence and timelining of terms in their brain.
It's such a burden, and it's such an important business question they're being asked. Probably several times a day or a week.
And a legal person has to go through largely and figure this out and answer the question for the business.
Now they can come in and just say, what are the latest pricing terms on that MSA with Warner? And it'll just answer.
@16:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I wonder if we should create a post about this and maybe like have you demo this video. like in a video, like it could just be a Loom video, you recording your screen and running through that because, yeah, like right now it doesn't like from the website or anything, it feels like this wow factor isn't really displayed as much, but I think if we can show this, it'll be quite cool.
Yeah, I think so.
@16:52 - Jenn McCarron
And I think I, I can find like, I could find the demo agreements. I have a good visual over.
She also gave me the feedback. When you show that, show something really gnarly. Show something with a lot of relationships.
She's like, think of Ivo's image that they show. It's beautiful and big and spidery, and we need something like that.
So I can get that set up also for sure.
@17:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And I think another reason for this is like, we can use LinkedIn to test which features people love, and then we could use that as feedback for pitch decks or for conferences.
You know, so it's like, oh, this really resonated, and people really like this. Okay, let me add it to my pitch deck.
Yeah. I kind of want to double click on that phrase you mentioned around, like, people are so used to mediocrity.
And didn't realize, like, manually searching stuff to finances for months is, like, not normal. Is that a common mindset that people have?
Or was that kind of specific to her? Or just conversations you have with other people as well? Is that a pattern?
@18:17 - Jenn McCarron
It's a pattern, yeah. They're used to... What the Amazon woman reflected back to me, what she kept saying, I didn't even know this was a problem.
I just thought this was how things were. That means that many buyers have been conditioned to lackluster feature sets and performance, and varying degrees of performance.
They're really good at one thing, but the software isn't good at B, C, D, E, F. And, like, you really need to get to G.
Like, that's the objective truth is we, as an industry, legal tech, legal tech... Need to get to G, which is helping optimize revenue, how deals are done, speed of business, deal closings.
We have to get the CFO's attention and we don't, legal tech doesn't have it because something dies along the way or they get so mired down in the minutia of all the pre-sig and the features and the workflows as part of that.
That's A and B, like intake, templates, workflows, deal transparency, contracts online, you can see the trains running, but when it hits that repository, which I'll call like E, I'll call that like DEF, it's a void, it's manual.
And they're used to that being manual, so they're conditioned in some ways to search for something for six weeks to produce the report.
Port of the Clause across 100,000 Agreements. The finance is used to manually reading the contract and then keying in the numbers over here.
They're conditioned to a point it's outsourced to like a outsourcing function, maybe sitting in the Philippines somewhere overseas. They're conditioned and we're coming in going, you don't even need that anymore.
Bring it back to the U.S. have one person at the desk, monitor the agent doing all the matching. So, yeah.
Is it a pattern? I think it's a pattern, but I don't know if, does everyone know that? I think they know that.
I think they know that. They're looking, they're all looking in the market for the next thing.
@20:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
But then, is this like a, I didn't know this was a problem or I just thought this was how things were done?
Because I guess those are quite... Two different things, know, it's like status quo versus, oh, like, problem unaware, and we're trying to kind of open up, like, this is actually a problem, here's why, here's the second, third order consequences down the line.
@21:17 - Jenn McCarron
I didn't know this was a problem, or versus, this is status quo. I don't, I think it's, in a weird way, it's both.
I think there's status quo. I think what happened for that woman was, what she knew as status quo, after my speaking to her and pitching about the pain of how we do the work, she moved, she went, wait, what?
That's not status quo. That's not a problem. she shifted her, yep, she shifted her definition and went, wait, that is how we do everything, and it's slow, and it's manual, and finance.
still doesn't know. And finance is still guessing. After all this work we're doing on CLM, they still don't know what the deal financials are quickly or easily.
So yeah, I think I showed that. And sometimes you don't, sometimes the human brain like doesn't, it doesn't know something is a, we're very easily conditioned into thinking our status quo is fine.
And we don't know that it is the worst until we step out into a different part of a gathering of people, community, the world, a conference called Future Contracts, where you have people like me and Spellbook and Ivo coming going, look at this, look at this.
I mean, that is powerful. There were only AI companies there. And, and together we were all showing it, like Spellbook showed a big visualization of
Vectorization, and did almost an academic lecture on it in the morning. I was like, this is great. By the time I mention it, they'll have heard it once.
And I will never have to put a database icon in my deck because, no, I don't want to do that.
My deck is more concept and negative space conceptual storytelling.
@23:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And so, just to close that thought out, like, that's what happened.
@23:26 - Jenn McCarron
Like, she came to a place where the future of contracts people met her and said, but look at this.
And she went, oh, my God. I had this experience. I mean, we won't write about this, but, like, personally, in my 20s, I started going to certain community groups around, I don't know, just, like, trauma, recovery, family dynamics.
And I learned from people mirroring another way of, like, growing up, life, living, functioning every day. I was like, oh, my God.
The household I grew up in, something was wrong. People were mired down by stress and economic factors, addictive factors, and behaving in a way that I had a feeling, but I never had it mirrored to me from the outside in.
And I had a fundamental shift in me when I was 25 years old where I was like, okay, my status quo of growing up is actually textbook awful.
And now that I have that awareness, I can make choices every day where I make my status quo and my version of good and my version of great go in a place where I never knew and couldn't see growing up in that.
So, I don't know. It's just an example of like our brains don't know until somebody or something comes along and just pierces and goes, hey.
There's a better way to do this. And my, you saw the deck and the story I told, I was like, I am you.
I've done this more times than you. I've succeeded.
@25:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I've failed.
@25:11 - Jenn McCarron
I've been touted as a winner, a loser, all the things on day one. And so I earned their credibility instantly and was like, why are we spending so much time on something to fail on day one and two with legal and finance?
And so I got them. And then I was like, oh, look how you can do it now. Oh, look how you can do it now.
Oh, not to bury the lead. This now. This now. And Amazon woman was like.
@25:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I just, I feel like this could be like a, not phrase, but more like an inspirational, motivational post for people in a way where you don't, not like kind of phrasing as like mediocrity, but you should never settle for anything less than, as I said, like there are better ways of doing things.
That kind of angle. Even that right there might be.
@26:00 - Jenn McCarron
A really good, just motivational thing for them because we're not done with solving in the contract space. But people might think we are because they've been in it for five years, for 10 years.
Even I was with this Isertus guy last night, right? Isertus is a sinking ship, like objective. Like they're awful.
Nobody likes them, but they're in a thousand plus customers because they're rigorous. They've hit it. And I'm telling this sales guy who's a lot older than me about my product.
And I watched him tune out for a second and he cut me off at the end and goes, oh, you should really see a demo of Isertus and what we're doing with our AI, this or that.
And I said, with all due respect, Doug or whatever his name was, David, I would love to see an Isertus demo because I always want to be up to date on how you are all advancing.
But no way are you doing search like we are. . . That's all we're focused on with the best LLMing.
And I have an ex-Google engineer who's relentless, and you don't. So no way you're doing our one thing. Well, maybe you're doing 29 things.
Well, I want to see it. I want to partner with you guys. But don't start with me on like you're doing it because you're not.
If you were, you would have like been in the market in a new and loud way winning business. I'm winning business.
And I said to him, like, I'm at this five months and I closed an enterprise deal. Today. Don't talk to me about your search.
@27:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Mic drop. Yeah. Oh, I love that. Did you manage to talk with a person from Salesforce or was it just Amazon maybe?
Yeah, I talked with her all night too.
@27:46 - Jenn McCarron
She's awesome. And like I have demos going with scheduling for both of those people and their companies. And Salesforce lady was like a lawyer who worked at a couple big companies.
See next week. She then went into a startup and loved it. Then the startup was acquired by Salesforce. So she went up into Salesforce Legal.
She's a lawyer that believes and likes legal tech and legal ops, but she's like a minority. And we were talking and she said such two things.
She's like, Jen, you know, most lawyers hate legal ops and don't care. I'm like, I know I've worked with them for over a decade.
I know. And like some of the only ways I can win them is like this black magic. Like, let me handle this one little thing with like a workflow or a tool and it'll go faster for you.
But so she was saying that, but she's of the ilk of like, she'll help the legal ops person and she'll stick her head in and try to make it a success because she likes innovation.
She's like, but what the legal ops person sends this woman who's a lawyer with an interest in legal tech workflow from Ironclad.
And it's like time to fill in all your metadata. And she's like, I have to sit there as a lawyer.
Paid, you know, really well to do hard work and do metadata tagging. And she's like, Jen, it's the bane of my existence.
And I'm like, even if you're like, you're not college educated and you're like a lower value, like hourly worker that's doing data entry, this is a waste of their time and your company's money.
Like people shouldn't be paid to do that ever again. And she saw in my platform, because I frame it as manual metadata tagging is over.
It's over. And I say it over and over. So they know some of this breakthrough stuff that they don't hear and see because some, some of these salespeople, they're busy just selling vision that doesn't exist.
And, you know, these salespeople launch into a sale before they're done listening to. The etc. And I'm just cutting through all the noise with Signal on these like big takeaways.
And those people got it.
@30:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I am more and more certain that we should create a like product video or video recording of you talking about these features.
Like the meta tagging, like the older family, like, because as you mentioned, like people are over-promised and they never really see it.
And that's why you've kind of showed screenshots of the product working. And so I think this is just another way to show proof.
Like this is actually real. This is living. This is working. And here's the future today. I definitely think we should do that.
@30:48 - Jenn McCarron
Love it. And yeah, we could do that. I'm prepared to do loom style stuff quickly. I can also less quickly.
I do a more produced video. In fact, we're just about ready with the new website. I just approved like most of the new website design and copy.
And part of the redesign, which will all go live in a few weeks, is I have to do a longer product video for the homepage that's like of the new UI and just improved scripting and everything.
So that's in the queue, but like these smaller ones to just like 30-second hitters. could do them with Loom.
@31:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. 30 seconds, one minute. And it's like, you don't want to over-cram all the features in one video.
Like they just wouldn't be able to get it. So it's like one video per feature kind of thing. And maybe for bigger features or bigger launch.
But yeah, this one's like the meta tagging, like it's confirmed that this is like a mind-blowing thing. But also this is a, like a stamp in the industry.
You're like, this is over. This is the movement kind of thing. So definitely we should do this. I love it.
@32:07 - Jenn McCarron
One feature per small video. Love it.
@32:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And maybe because I'm not sure if existing customers know of new features that are released, but this is also a way to engage with existing customers.
Oh, we have this feature out. Give it a try. And then also attracting prospects in the market as well.
Wow. And then we could also, like, I don't know, do it on a regular cadence, whether it be every two weeks or every month.
It's like, oh, this month we have a new feature. Like, next month we have another feature. And so people are like, oh, Contracts.ai is, like, releasing so many interesting stuff.
And, like, I've just been following the development of the product. Like, they're constantly shipping. Like, these guys are killing it.
Like, that's kind of the perception that we want to communicate.
@32:55 - Jenn McCarron
I love this idea. Yes. I'm like, you know, I'm dying. I'm do videos in our strategy.
@33:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm dying.
@33:06 - Jenn McCarron
I'm dying to because I'm already winning with what we're doing in writing. It's working. It's cutting through all the AI slop that people write and start to put in really meaningful, digestible video content.
They're learning. It's engaging. They come away smarter. I mean, even last night, the sales guy was like, I read your vectorization post.
I had no idea what that term meant. And I was like, wow, five minutes prior, you're telling me your search is better than mine?
You don't even know how to sell.
@33:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What?
@33:47 - Jenn McCarron
What? But that, like teaching people, giving it away, engaging, showing these features that are breakthrough. Love.
@33:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I saw in your comments, a person mentioned. And another way of saying vectorization is embedding. Is that true? Yeah, that's another.
@34:05 - Jenn McCarron
Leave it to a data scientist or an engineer to show up and just start. They just need to add technical words so they feel like they're kings of the world, which they kind of are.
@34:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sure, yeah.
@34:18 - Jenn McCarron
Embeddings is another way to look at that. But that doesn't...
@34:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Which word?
@34:25 - Jenn McCarron
Embeddings, we should use vectorization. And just pick one technical term at a time. Because people can understand... Like, I'm a regular person with a little bit of a tech understanding.
And I'm creative. And I know all those terms. People can understand... Regular people can understand vectors. But embedding with an LLM, to me, doesn't make sense.
Like, what? So let's just...
@34:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Embedding what?
@34:56 - Jenn McCarron
Like, and where? Yeah.
@34:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@35:00 - Jenn McCarron
But like vectorizing, I watched Spellbook do a presentation on vectorizing before I did, and they took the same exact route I took, which is, hey, you take this contract of words and that you code segments of it to numbers.
And when the numbers go through and come back from an LLM, it's not a word-for-word string text. It's concepts.
It's combos of clauses. It's risk equals that one, that, that. Risk equals one, seven, 17, and half of 11.
That's easier to understand than embedding. Yeah, yeah, sure.
@35:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay, that's good. Another thing you mentioned in those notes was, for what it's worth, I do not believe in legal operations system, in a legal operations system.
Could you speak that? operating system.
@35:58 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so. Many companies in the SaaS space have been trying to solve, have been solving in the operating system for X, for this piece of the business, for many, many years.
And I don't know how well they do. Like, high Q is an example of someone in legal who is like, we're going to be your single pane of glass, everything, where all of legal comes in and sees all of legal's everything, knows where to start anything, and everything.
They use these terms, and it's the biggest, like, turn-off for me, because I solve, my brain just wants to solve, like, the one thing.
I don't like the term one-stop-shop, and operating system is just a veiled term for one-stop-shop. And achieving a one-stop-shop is impossible in technology, and anyone who has sold that, good luck.
Look, unless you're Apple, and Apple's not even a one-stop shop. They do really well at certain things, but not everything.
So I was with this company called Sandstone. They're a legal tech AI startup, very new. They came out of Stealth in September when we came out of Stealth and launched.
They launched, and somehow, a couple weeks ago, they pulled a $10 million seed round out of Thin Air, coming out of Stealth in September.
Do they have customers? I don't know. I wound up getting friendly with the woman there representing Sandstone. She's actually really cool and someone I want to recruit to work for us in the future.
Like, we hit it off at a great night. Like, Jennifer is her name, New York-based.
@37:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, yeah.
@37:58 - Jenn McCarron
She said something. Something like, I was like, how did those guys, your four founders who were like guys in their 20s in the workforce for a very short time, but impressive resumes, how'd they do that?
And she said they're extremely plugged in, they're McKinsey guys, extremely plugged in to the VC network. So their boss knew the VC guy, knew the this, and you know what these VC companies do.
They all bet on, they go, those guys, that, LegalOS, Operating System, big vision, let's put all of our VC might behind it, and they can falsely, they can create a unicorn, at least a unicorn starting point.
And that's what they've done. I don't know if they have customers. And I said to her, how the hell is that going to work?
I didn't challenge her product yet. I just challenged her founders. And I said, how's that going to work? How old are these guys?
How? How do they know at that value? But like, if they know at that value, I, Jenn, know at 10x the value.
Why didn't I get a $100 million check on my idea? And she made a face and said that, and she basically said, these guys are smart, of course, plugged in, but they're all like ego.
And she's like, it'll implode. I'm like, great. And then my mind, I'm like, I will call her and hire her once it does, because she will be unhappy.
@39:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
But I don't believe in the operating.
@39:26 - Jenn McCarron
I just don't believe in the operating system. It is a fragmented landscape of tools. And there's a lot of negative space where we haven't solved yet for that workflow, for legal, for legal to finance, like what we're solving for.
How can you promise this, like, operating system single pane of glass when we're all still solving?
@39:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Have you seen or heard of stories where maybe, like, people in the legal, like... Try to use a legal operating system and just kind of crash or burn or waste a lot of money or time.
@40:07 - Jenn McCarron
Whenever I heard people talk about Haikyuu as an example of one that was going for that, this is like pre-generative AI, was like two, three years ago and back, but whenever I heard people say Haikyuu, I would lean in on the call and be like, how's that going?
And they'd make a face. And I saw it on the pitch, but I'm amazed that people don't, they can't cut through that stuff on their pitches that they get, their demos.
They get sold a vision and then it's very hard to realize for all the things at play. It's not the software company's complete failure.
It's the change management, the software company, the vision's too big, but the reality is just too early stage to even get to that vision.
And then people don't know how to get them from. From 0 to 0.1 to 0.2 with the tech and their complex and technical implementations, heavy change management, and people gas out.
That's just like the fact of it all, of software, especially in a legal environment. Legal doesn't care about most of this.
They don't. They are incentivized to draft the next deal, draft it faster, draft it. So that is why CLMs have focused with a good degree of success on pre-signature, because that's actually what legal cares about is the drafting, the negotiating, the redlining, having the precedent there.
That's what they care about. So there's been success and traction and adoption there. But these operating systems, you have to change how an entire pool of people think work, psychologically work, are incentivized, are rewarded.
And it's just not realistic that they will care about an operating system. Council's going to be like, I put in the operating system and now I'm getting raised.
@42:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
They don't give a .
@42:05 - Jenn McCarron
so, it's, it's, yeah.
@42:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The thing is because they're trying to solve a problem that's not a tech, can't be solved with technology. Like the infrastructure is not a technology tech problem.
@42:22 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think that's a part of it, that they're solving a people and how people in the organization are incentivized and rewarded and measured on their success.
And I'd be willing to say that into the LinkedIn writing. Legal departments' success are not measured on the operating system or the workflow or the CLM went in.
They're measured, I mean, ask your leaders what they're measured on and then try to set your strategy to solve for that and that only.
Not measured on number of tech products in there. They're just not. They're lawyers. The GC is a broad range deal lawyer.
They're measured on deals and revenue, deal size, deal numbers, deal success, and maybe the speed of the deals. And so some of this tooling and pre-sig stuff promises to accelerate deal cycles.
Yeah, you're bringing some of it online. Sure. But in the end, the lawyer's going into Microsoft Word and drafting their walled off from the world.
There's a reason why pre-sig AI tools like GCAI and some others are doing well in the AI because they've inserted some AI tooling into the Microsoft Word world.
So now they're in Word and they can go, give me a clause. Got it. How about this clause? Compare it to that.
Got it, and put it in.
@44:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Would you be open to tagging HiQ? Or just keep it general?
@44:16 - Jenn McCarron
HiQ, are they even still alive?
@44:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, that's a good question.
@44:23 - Jenn McCarron
No, oh, interesting. Cleo comes up first in the HiQ search. That is funny. Oh, Thomson Reuters acquired HiQ. Oh.
@44:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Which tells you, let me see when that happened.
@44:42 - Jenn McCarron
Acquires. And I care little about, they acquired them in 2019. Oh, okay.
@44:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, sure.
@44:53 - Jenn McCarron
Like, this is officially in the doesn't matter anymore phase of legal tech.
@44:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like, when you go into Thomson Reuters.
@45:00 - Jenn McCarron
Everyone there is moving very slowly. And, hey, look, Haikyuu had more than 400 customers, half of the global 100 largest law firm.
So they did well at a law firm, which tells you why I'm saying it won't work in-house.
@45:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@45:23 - Jenn McCarron
Very different behavior sets, tech stacks, positions inside of a large business. Whereas in a law firm, you can get every team, every practice area can have their own little worlds.
And little worlds, little kingdoms, it's all connected to a pane of glass. That's a different play than an in-house legal department.
@45:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I remember we were discussing around potentially have a SOC 2 announcement. So I think this is always like a good way of building trust.
And you mentioned that you've gotten a questions around security. So yeah, I think we should do a post around this.
Were there any specific design decisions that you and Fani came up with that made software easier or reflects security-first philosophy in a way?
I have to give that more thought.
@46:23 - Jenn McCarron
That's a deep question. Design decisions vis-a-vis the SOC 2 process.
@46:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, because I think this post could be more the frame around SOC 2 isn't just a milestone, but more of a responsibility, and this is really coming from you as a former buyer turned builder.
And so maybe back in the day, I'm not sure if you looked at SOC 2 as much when you assessed vendors.
Oh yeah, that was a minimum for always, for me as a buyer. Yeah. Yeah, so that could be like a good frame.
For this kind of post, this was one of the decision criteria that I did, and so we decided to do XYZ to 4contracts.ai.
@47:09 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think because it was a minimum requirement for me, and as soon as they had that, they basically passed Go and can go into the assessment, it showed a level of rigor, seriousness, discipline, care.
And because I was at larger scale companies, that was an instant Go passing mechanism. And with that, we tripled down our efforts on getting our first SOC 2 done in five months, in three months.
We launched in September, and we had a SOC 2 in December. Sure, it's on a few months of business, it's on three months of business, but it's on three months of business, and we produced all the controls.
A lot of that, we had to put new policy and a lot of new controls and audit mechanisms in place, so it forced our hand to get from zero to one.
One, enterprise ready. mean, we signed an enterprise deal in five months, and that was instrumental in that. And we worked really hard on that.
Even a potential funder who called me the other day is like, how'd you get that so fast? Nobody does that that fast.
And I was like, focus, making that a main priority, a first milestone. I saw who was coming through the pipeline instantly when we launched, and it was the Fortune 500.
And I was like, the most important thing I can prioritize is working on that with my co-founder. And we did, and we got it, and we'll continue on that journey to expand it.
That could be a great post.
@48:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, yeah, yeah, for sure. Okay, I might draft something, and then maybe if I think there are specific things that I might need to get you to fill out, then do so.
Or if you have anything you send me, then yeah, I could just drop it on my end.
@48:51 - Jenn McCarron
Wonderful. Cool.
@48:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Coming back to... Actually, I was thinking... I was wondering if you wanted to create a, I guess, more of the personal posts around enjoyment of public speaking.
I'm not sure if you enjoy it, but it feels like you enjoy it. love it. I love it. I love it.
@49:12 - Jenn McCarron
And we should talk about it because.
@49:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And like giving images from like your talks and conferences, like this would be like a good way of just showcasing that.
But then also potentially even sharing technical tips on like what you've done in the past to improve public speaking, maybe online, like stage presence, that kind of thing.
@49:36 - Jenn McCarron
We should talk about that because.
@49:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
This is moving.
@49:45 - Jenn McCarron
We're doing. You and I are doing content interviews at a different time next week. Okay, I'm just seeing. I'm just someone just canceled my I don't have to run right the second.
Okay. We should do that. Yeah, I'm actually doing a podcast later, and one of the fun questions I'm being asked at the end is, you know, I'm a musician, and I've had different crafts within music over the years.
And right now it's production, music production, which is different than just playing the bass. Playing the bass guitar means you're an individual contributor.
Being a music producer means you are a orchestrator, CEO of the moment, of the piece, of the creation. And he's asking, like, what's one of the things you have in common in those roles?
What do those roles teach each other, building software and being a music producer? And this ties to public speaking.
You have to, whether you're in-house in one of these jobs like I used to have, or you're in a job like mine, you have to take your ideas, your opinions, your point of view, your program, your thing you did.
you. Your project or your product that you did, and you have to go out and show it and present it to an audience.
It could be an audience of five. It could be an audience of 50. I've had 5,000. I've had 10,000.
You have to put it out there because what they say and do and how they respond shapes the product, shapes you as a speaker, shapes your point of view.
All of this is nothing until an audience or a customer comes back and goes, well, I see it this way, and I want this.
And it teaches you to listen. As a music producer, have to have like ears have ears. You have to listen so much to what serves this product.
And so often I take a piece of music or a song, if I'm working with an artist or by myself, if I do it by myself, I show it to people.
I play the song, I audition it. And I watch them and I see where they light up and where they get.
the winner. Thank I bring my niece in my studio all the time and go, listen to this song. And I watch her.
And where she clicks in, I'm like, the chorus is working. And if she gets bored, I know it's not.
And it's the same with public speaking. Public speaking is a vehicle to put your ideas out there. And putting them out there will sharpen your ideas for the work you do in there, in your job, in your company, doing legal ops at Bank of America.
It'll help sharpen you. And what people lose sight of in public speaking is like, they get carried away because they want these like rock star moments.
And they want to like, they want to be like, I'm holding a microphone for the first time. I feel like a famous person.
And this like thought leader gobbledygook starts.
@52:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
they start speaking as if they're on the Stephen Bartlett podcast.
@52:53 - Jenn McCarron
And then you look at their resume and you're like, you've only been in legal ops for three years at a company nobody gives a.
Talk about, like, what? How big is legal? you're, can people stop talking? Like, go do the work and come back and talk about something, to me, I was always so critical, like, talk about something real, like, so people get a little excited by the opportunity to public speak, and sometimes they overdo that and underdo the work, but public speaking is the vehicle to test your ideas out, your work product, strengthen the industry, the gaps in the industry, see what your peers say, and that's what I've done over the years.
Like, I just show up and talk about what I built, and people are like, whoa, you're a thought leader.
I'm like, I am? Like, when they first told me that, I was like, come again? What?
@53:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I am?
@53:47 - Jenn McCarron
And they're like, you are. I did not have even reference to know that what I was thinking, saying, executing at a company was, like, ahead of the curve.
So it's, it's really good. And it's Great reference point to speak as well. And you want to learn what your story is?
I say this to people I manage. You want to know, like, if you like your job, go on a job interview.
Go on 10 job interviews elsewhere, and you will know in two months' time how you really feel about your job.
We have to get it out because that actually frames it and it comes back into us all. It's how our brains work.
@54:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Did you always think like this? Or was this something that you've trained yourself to kind of believe or live by as a philosopher?
@54:33 - Jenn McCarron
I've always been this way, and now I understand why. And I'm the kind of person who definitely, I'm an outside-in person, and not everyone is.
I'm an outside-in person, and I was a musician touring for years. So when you're standing there playing a song night after night after night after night after night in a bar, and you see people perk up, you see people walk out, you see where they look.
Look at their phone. You're trying to win their attention with music and engage them and give them a three-minute joyride into some place, the story.
So I'm attuned to that as a process, and I am a person who happens to learn my insides. I let my insides get remapped from outside impression, and I think we all do to an extent.
I'm extremely absorptive of that. Some people really are interior people, and they project their idea and confidence. It does come from an inner place, but I still think public speaking helps every human's story of whatever you're trying to tell.
That's how story comes to life. It's audience and story match, and meaning happens, and that's what public speaking is.
@55:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you have any, I don't know, quick tips for a beginner who wants to do this, but don't know where to start?
@55:57 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, who wants to public speak? Yeah, I guess.
@56:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@56:02 - Jenn McCarron
Number one, you have to volunteer to speak somewhere, even if you're not ready, especially if you're not ready. That's the irony, especially.
And trust that you have something to say as a person in your job at your company. You have something to say.
Everyone has a unique perspective, opinion, and story around even how I got my first analyst job. I mean, I watch blogs of 20-somethings in New York who are like, how I got my first senior analyst job.
And they make a 20-minute video. And I'm like, oh, my God, Vivian's doing the dishes before she goes to her analyst job.
And she's going to do a deck today using gamma. Let's go. Because it's story.
@56:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And it's engaging.
@56:51 - Jenn McCarron
it's how her journey. And everyone has that. So you have to volunteer to speak somewhere. You have to push.
it's If someone needs, you're at work, and it's the DEI session of the department meeting. They want someone to moderate it.
Any volunteers, me, I have no idea how to moderate or what DEI means. I don't know those guests. You learn it, and you figure it out.
They need a presentation to fill. You know, when Mary, my friends who started CLOCK, had the first New York City chapter meeting in 2017, January.
They sent an email out, November 2016, to a bunch of people they knew in the industry in New York, and they said, hey, first New York City chapter meeting, Jan 17th, who wants to come?
Call for speakers. I hit reply right away. I was like, me, I'll present on knowledge management, data, tech, everything I did at Cisco.
Whatever you guys need for time, I could fill 25 minutes, 30 minutes slot easily, and then Q&A. Thank you.
And And they went, you're in. They need speakers. And my last tip is write the presentation up, draw the slides up, do the scripting beneath, whatever the style is.
Rehearse that 500 times. Like reps on reps. I think that presentation I did 300 reps in two months. And I did a run in front of a person.
And then they went, ooh, this, yes, that, no. Like move your arms. Like why? And you get some feedback and that stuff hurts.
And so you never do it again. And the more you can practice that out loud, standing, in the posture, with your slides, you learn the emotional beats.
And then you show it to a person, a spouse, a partner. You get feedback. Work that in. Now it's been tested against an audience.
And then when you go in there, that polish shows always it. always, always shows. And then people say things to you like, you're a great speaker.
You're so confident. That just, you know, you have a gift. I've gotten this a lot. You have a real gift.
And I'm like, my gift is discipline, is repetition and hard work. That's 98% of my presenting. Sure. There's a little bit of talent in the showmanship that not everyone gets born with that talent.
But you can rehearse your way to dynamite speaker through discipline and repetition. And people quit. They don't rehearse enough.
They rehearse in their heads. And it means nothing up here.
@59:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm not sure if you know a guy called Alex Tomozzi, but he lives by this prince. Yeah, he lives by this prince.
He had a book launch, and he said that he referred to it like hundreds of times and thousands of times before he made that.
And so people were like, oh, you're so talented, but it was just the reps, as you mentioned. Just the reps.
It's repetition. Yeah, that guy is a wizard.
@1:00:00 - Jenn McCarron
Wizard on all forms of content entrepreneurialism and repetition, like that's hard. That's just repetition and discipline are hard work principles.
And so broadly, it's like, if you work hard at being a good speaker, you can get yourself there. You do not have to have been blessed with some magical talent, which also, like, just because I was on music stages for that whole decade of my life, that made me comfortable on a microphone.
It made me comfortable hearing my own voice. And those are two learning curves that corporate people don't get. Like, I can hear myself singing in a control room with 25 people in the room listening, and I don't care anymore.
But most people hear their own voice and they're like, ah, it's ugly, it doesn't sound. And that's a hard thing.
And so, sure, being a musician in studios on stage has helped advance some of those learning curves. But the rest, like, writing a good narrative in your...
Presentation, Delivering it to people in a conversational way, having the slides to go with that perfectly, that's all business skill that anyone can get.
And with all the tools right now, with the AI writing tools, Gamma writing your slides, there's kind of no excuse anymore to not be better at speaking because you can get pretty great first drafts.
And even if you're, like, not good at slides, use Gamma. Use Notebook. Let them make your visuals. Like, I don't use those right now.
I still, like, hand-dry everything. But I'm, like, of the rare breed. I did graphic design while I was a musician and made money that way and did all the band's visuals and took their photos and edited and photoshopped my whole 20s.
So I can, like, info design the slides in a very effective way in a style, in a media company style to, like, go with my narration.
But if you can't do that, there are so many. Any tools to do that now? Use them.
@1:02:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
This is actually such a good reminder for myself as well, because one of the goals that I had this year is to be on more podcasts.
So whether it is like talking to startup founders or incubators. And so, yeah, like I wanted to do that, like maybe hopefully April when I go back to New Zealand.
But yeah, good reminder for myself.
@1:02:26 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, podcasting is a unique also form of presenting because it's conversational and it moves and goes in different like peaks and valleys.
It's very cool. I'm doing one later and I've done them. I've interviewed, you know, hundreds of people on podcasts and it's that's fun to learn how to moderate a convo is also a skill that you can take into a podcast or you could be that moderator.
Moderator at new hire orientation at your company, like volunteer for those things. They teach you how to speak, how to interview, how to pull in the point, how to connect, and how to make, like, a meaningful story out of a 35-minute panel or something.
It's all such good practice for speaking out into the world. And, like, you just, you have to go out and speak.
Like, it'll help you refine your ideas. And then people will hear you. Like, people are hearing the writing on LinkedIn right now.
Just wait until we start putting videos back up. But just wait until I have money and time to do the podcast, like, to start a podcast for my company and be a combo driver of that.
I refuse right now to do that. I just want to do one, you know, I just want to win customers right now and do the 30-second videos.
That's going to be super poignant. But one day I might turn on the podcast again and have deep combos.
I think so.
@1:03:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And, like, that is a good way to talk to ideal prospects as well. Like, get in our ecosystem, knowing what we do, understand.
You're their pain points, and you get to ask whatever questions you want to. So it's like, you're on their radar, maybe when you share post or podcast conversations with them, they also repost it into their audience, and so you're also getting associated with them.
So I think there's a lot of opportunity, but I think maybe for now, focus on the product and everything.
But yeah, I think later on, that should be a really good go-to-market motion. Yep.
@1:04:27 - Jenn McCarron
Public speaking is always a good one, because most people want to do it more, don't know how, are intimidated by it.
The human tendency is like, and most people in corporate are really bad. At the presentation I did last week, was at 5 o'clock, thinner crowd, tired crowd.
And after a bunch of corporate presentations, your ear just struggles to listen in this big, boomy room, and they're not great speakers, and they're not well facilitated, and then the single speakers aren't great.
Corporate people are always like, they give you a microphone if it's a handheld situation, and they hold it down here, and they talk, and they're like this.
And there was one guy we had to all keep yelling from the audience, put the microphone up in front of you.
And he just couldn't.
@1:05:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
He's a lawyer. He just couldn't. That's not his thing.
@1:05:17 - Jenn McCarron
And so I got up there, and it was like, I had to do a handheld and run my slides, and I get up there like this.
I had a proper mic, not one of these podcast mics. But imagine this is a proper mic, and I was like, you guys were going to do this.
And my lips are like on the mic, because I know how to speak into a mic, and I have a voice that's low.
And I'm like, are we all awake out there? Are you ready? And I start with that. I start hyping them up.
I'm like, I'm going to yell at you for the next 10 minutes, because I know you've been put through it today.
And then they're laughing. And some people were just like, wow, your presence. You woke us up. You had me engaged.
@1:05:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Compelling presentation.
@1:05:57 - Jenn McCarron
Really well done. And I got that feedback. From a dozen people after. And then to hook in, I hooked in the girl from Sandstone.
I hooked in the guy from Google. I hooked in the, as a potential customer, Google guy. I hooked in Amazon woman.
@1:06:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I hooked in Salesforce woman.
@1:06:18 - Jenn McCarron
That's pretty great. That's pretty great.
@1:06:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, do you have, or did you upload images from the conference or did you receive it from the people?
Oh, I'm, I'm gonna. It'd be great to have that as part of the post. One of the videos. Oh, no, I'm interested.
@1:06:41 - Jenn McCarron
I'm going to email them, uh, thank, and, and thank them for a great, and I'm going to ask them for photos or video.
@1:06:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@1:06:50 - Jenn McCarron
for the purposes of this. So keep you posted on that.
@1:06:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Awesome. Draft a, choose a logo post for next week. Yeah. You mentioned you have an updated version. Yeah.
I'll probably just wait for you until you send that over. But, yeah, I guess cool to see where it kind of both aligned on the three variations.
Because, yeah, I think one of them looked a bit too crypto. The other one looked a bit too started.
think, yeah, the uplift one kind of made more sense. Yeah, I'm trying to, I'm just, I'm looking in our chat.
@1:07:31 - Jenn McCarron
sent you those three. Today, I actually should have, she's, I'm just sending you, what am I sending you? Hang on one sec.
The one that was like the cube with all the lines. Funny and I liked the best, but the lines were too thin and it looked like other things.
We didn't think it would. So I'm just giving you the latest update where between the one on the left I just slacked you, which is like a window or square turned on its side with dimensionality, and then we're reworking the one on the right to have thicker lines, maybe with a little bit more weight.
It might have sturdiness that we feel like could be like the platform building geometric icon, contained geometric icon. I don't know.
Of the three stack I just sent, the bottom one is what we're now hovering on because that's like a mid-weight five pixel line.
Later today, she's sending me these with the new Word logo next to it. So I think we should put up at least two, if we want to pull three, like three logo and Word, because I think that the story...
Is both of them? What do you think?
@1:09:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think both of them. like together, Acqui-hire. I should have those today. I'm maybe just two, and then maybe like the CTA could be like A or B, and just give you the choose.
A or B. That'd be quite good.
@1:09:15 - Jenn McCarron
Should we put up a poll? I don't even know if that exists. Or they could just write in the comments.
@1:09:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I don't want a poll. Just put it in the yeah. Write in the comments. I think that's like some interesting takes.
@1:09:29 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think that could be really fun and give them a window into the build process, give them a voice, give them a vote, and just talk about the process of like creating the logo.
I've been in creative mode with a designer for weeks, and it's like one of the many hats of the co-founder is you have to do marketing stuff and think about the feelings behind each of these and why.
@1:09:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, it kind of gets them bought in the journey. As well. Actually, a question I had. What was the thought process behind like the left one and then the right one?
Like, were there kind of decisions like, oh, maybe this looks like this, this has this kind of feel? Maybe we could kind of run people through that thought process of how these logos came to be, like a quick sentence or two.
@1:10:23 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I was thinking, I'm very inspired by something. I told you about a few weeks ago, I'm very inspired by this Daft Punk movie scene where the robots go and stand apart from one another and one blows the other up.
And when the robot just goes into pieces. For some reason, that imagery stuck with me in that we have to get the contract, the entity, the robot, the monolith.
We have to blow that up into pieces. And the pieces are the data points of the contract. And that is called contract data infrastructure.
And what our platform lets you build is contract data infrastructure. And so I took influence of building blocks, dimensionality, something that like you put it all together, all these shapes together, they have dimension, but then they equal a ball or a big cube.
And you can stack that into your enterprise and it becomes the foundation of the finance workflow where you reconcile invoices.
And so it's meant we're a platform, we're a data platform, we're not a product. And so these are meant to be like platform elements.
But I kept saying to her, they have to have dimensionality. I don't want a flat circle. And she was showing me these like triangles put together in this 3D way that even in an image had dimensionality.
And I was like, I like that. It reminds me of like the Epcot ball. You look at the surface of a geodesic dome, and it's all different shards put together to form a circle.
And something about that felt very, like, what our platform means, how it lets people build, gives infrastructure, and it's very Daft Punk.
It's very futuristic, robotic, looking to the old to create the new vision. And I kept going back to the Epcot Ball, and, like, there's a ride inside the Epcot Ball in Disney called Spaceship Earth.
And I'm like, it's the best ride at Disney, because it talks about the history of technology and then where it's all going.
We're talking about the history of contracts and where they're all going, the future of. So we're giving new building blocks to get there.
So that's all behind that.
@1:12:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, wow. There was actually a lot of depth and thought put into this. Okay, this is great. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. Don't threaten me with good time. I'm just like, my designer made me talk.
@1:13:00 - Jenn McCarron
for like two days about that, and I was like Daft Punk and this, I'm pulling up the Epcot ball, like I went wild.
@1:13:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, amazing. I have everything for this week. On Slack, I'll send through the, I guess, feature images that we could create.
I'm not sure if you want to like do it for this coming month or like in terms of what cadence we want to kind of showcase these like new features, but I think it would be good to kind of sit like, oh, I don't know, every third week of the month, we'll have a new feature announcement or new release kind thing because, yeah, that's just a good way to kind of showcase that.
So send that through, and yeah, if there's any kind of points regarding SOC 2 that you can think of like design decisions, yeah, can send that through to me as well.
But other than that, all good. Awesome. Great. This was fun.
@1:13:56 - Jenn McCarron
Thanks so much, Asbin. I'll see you on the Slack. Watch for stuff for me later.
@1:14:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sounds good. Good to chat. Bye, You too. Take care.
@1:14:02 - Jenn McCarron
Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Onboarding call.docx ===
Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - January 27
VIEW RECORDING - 62 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How are you? I'm great. How's it going?
@0:03 - Jenn McCarron
Good.
@0:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm currently in Japan, just with my family at the moment. Amazing.
@0:12 - Jenn McCarron
I'm currently in San Francisco, well, in Menlo Park, so my voice is a little loud because it's 7 a.m.
@0:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That was very early for you. Yes. I appreciate you jumping on this call so early. Yeah, yeah.
@0:27 - Jenn McCarron
You know, it was on my mind all week to do, so I appreciate the nudge and I had some sit-down time finally yesterday and got the questionnaire done and I'm ready to rock.
However, I only can stay on with you for another 27 minutes because a big call jumped on my calendar, so maybe we can use this time to kick off and merge all of our brains together and then we'll do a part two.
Like, tomorrow I'm back in New York. I'm flying back today. Yep. Okay, okay.
@1:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We'll try to speedrun this then. So agenda for today is just making sure that you kind of understand the process, how everything works.
And then we'll run through the onboarding questionnaire a bit. Just some questions I had. And after that, just some admin stuff like getting access to your LinkedIn, aligning on which day and time you want to do the interviews, and then also commenting.
So I've created an engagement list, but I'll run you through that at the very end of your time. Sounds good?
Yeah, great. Awesome. Yeah, I appreciate you kind of filling out that onboarding questionnaire. Did it take you long?
@1:42 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, it wasn't short, but not super long. was under two hours for sure. Yeah, okay, okay.
@1:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's good to hear. Okay. So basically, the way these content interviews work is that, generally speaking, we can do, like, mostly we'll start up.
And then if things get a bit easier or faster, then we could switch it to bi-weekly to start with.
And the idea is that I would send you maybe a few questions that I think could be prompts that I would ask you during the session.
And then it'll be something like the podcast where I would ask and then you would answer. If there's anything that I think we could dive deeper or follow up, then I'll ask further questions.
And I think we'll probably have like an alignment on what the strategy is for, let's say, the first month and decide, okay, what are these certain content pillars or types of content that we want to create?
And then we'll do that for like a month and see how that goes. And then based on the feedback, we'll tweak on a month-by-month basis.
And so moving forward, we'll also record these sessions using Riverside. So in case we want to use video, then we already have that footage ready and I could just clip that.
But I think to start with, because you've mostly been text-based, I think we might stick with... The text-based or image-based to start with.
And then slowly, once people kind of consume your content more and more, then we can kind of tweak and experiment with video.
Yeah, did that work with you? Great. And usually after these content interviews, it'll probably take us two to three days to get the drafts to you.
So let's say if it's on a Friday when we have the interviews, then I'll get those back to you by like Monday or Tuesday to have you review it.
And the idea is that sometimes it may require you to kind of tweak a bit to make sure like tone of voice, maybe things are factually need fixing.
so, yeah, the first few weeks or months, there might be more kind of edits on your end. So it'll be really just so I can learn what is your taste, maybe certain words that you don't use, certain things that you want to repeat, that kind of stuff.
So, yeah, we're going to use Google Docs for all of the posts. So just... After the feedback is done, then either you can do it or I can more than happy takeover just to schedule the posts for the week.
So, yeah, if that's something that you'd like to do or we could do, either way works. I'd love your help on that.
@4:16 - Jenn McCarron
That would be cool. Yeah, easy as Make things move.
@4:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, especially when you're, like, busy and, like, maybe forget to post, like, yeah, I can kind of handle that for you.
Not a sweat. Cool. Let's run through the onboarding questionnaire. I did have a few questions. So, I kind of highlighted.
So, the first thing I was very curious about was, so, one of the objections, I think these are always really good content pieces that we could be creating.
And I think a recurring thing that you've seemed to fill out is, like, your ICP, they kind of want a...
One solution fits all. I think that was the promise that CLM sold legal operators. And so I'm keen to hear your perspective in terms of, firstly, one, how you overcome the objection.
And then I guess two is, what is your point of view of the contract stack or just the legal stack in general?
And then where you see contracts like AI kind of fitting in? Because ultimately, we want to reduce the barrier and friction for people to try out contracts like AI.
And so I think these are recurring things that we have to answer.
@5:37 - Jenn McCarron
How do I overcome that objection? I validate it, first of all, and say, I get the thinking because of how CLM named itself and marketed itself, that it sounds like it should be end-to-end.
So I validate their right to... I that, and I try to educate and say, let's separate the CLM, the life cycle word from the title of the software and the promise of the software.
And when you talk about the true life cycle of a contract, it's not simple. It's not straightforward. It starts before it even hits that system and goes beyond.
The data goes beyond, and actual business workflow. And there's no way one solution can cover all of those things.
I think we're still evolving. And I think CLM as a solution was a great grab for many, many phases.
But here's, and I say my opinion, here's where I believe they excel. And I animate kind of out loud.
I narrate, animate, intake, workflow, generate the document, approval, iterate, draft, draft, draft, approve, sign, kerplunk. And I say, that's it.
There's a little metadata after the kerplunk. Kerplunk, there's not a lot of intelligence after the kerplunk. echoes. I say that to them.
And then it's a little bit of education. And what I didn't say this in the doc, I should have somewhere, but because we're filling in a new space in the whole continuum of how a contract moves with data, there's an education burden that has to happen.
We have to come in and educate people like, no, this, what you thought was that, this is us. And this is how it works now in 2026.
That's very new for them. And so that puts time on my cell cycle, et cetera. And that's okay. And so hearing what you learned, heard me say is part of that process where I'm saying, you know, all this, well, the kerplunk and nothing really happens.
We light that up. We turn that into like a stadium of people like. Canting, like data, data, data. And then your second question was, how do I do the contract stack or what was my thought on a contract stack?
@8:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Actually, I think based on what you just said, it would maybe at a later stage be good to visualize the whole life cycle of what the individual's tools should look like and where contract.ai kind of slots in.
I draw that out.
@8:29 - Jenn McCarron
You know, in the future, if we unpack this and even if we did a video, I could draw it out.
I could do a top-down camera and draw it on a piece of paper or draw it on a slide or something like cool and kitschy.
Because just so you know, before AI entered the scene here, when I was at Netflix doing this job in-house, I had a contract stack of five to seven solutions because I knew no one solution would fit 1,000.
Contract types and how they move across the business. There's no way. There's different starting points, end points, systems. They go to come from teams, needs, workflows.
And it was simplistic thinking to think that. And I had it then, and now I really see it. And now I see how apps can layer over one another, orchestrate, integrate.
@9:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. I think if you have time, it'll be good for you to even hand draw it. then potentially we could try to make it into some graphic or something visual.
So obviously you could add it into your sales decks or pitch decks when you have sales calls. But obviously on a recurring basis, we could have it on websites, could have it on onboarding collateral, can have it on LinkedIn as well.
I think that'd be really good. Okay. Yeah. I think the contract stack, I think this is also quite important as well, because as you mentioned, like new reality of needing one.
So I think the education of why Contract stack should even exist. I think that's quite crucial. then zooming out, what is the higher level of where like everything fits in and then where does contract AI slot in?
I think that's a great one. Awesome. Wow.
@10:13 - Jenn McCarron
It's just like mined major content.
@10:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, this is really nice. That's kind of why these onboarding questions are quite in-depth because there's a lot of things that we could discuss and then we could put them into like a content bank for future purposes.
So if we run out of ideas, we're like, oh, we actually talked about this like a while back. Let's kind of talk about this, maybe touch on it, double down, different angles, all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, love that. So one thing you kind of repeatedly talk about is the kind of CLMs overselling. And I know that we're not really trying to replace CLMs.
And so what is the narrative that you want to repeat? Because we don't want to talk bad about them.
But then we also don't want to replace it. So this is the word I've been using.
@11:04 - Jenn McCarron
We potentiate the CLM. We send its value into the enterprise. CLM is an important, it is a document-centric system of record, and it can remain the SOR, the system of record.
You did all that work. You invested a lot. There's a lot of workflows. The trains are often running into the CLM.
Intake, routing, approval, etc. Great. We transform the document into a legal document into business data. That's what happens with contracts AI.
And you need both. You need both in order to create and extend the workflow of the contract into the enterprise.
The enterprise doesn't deal But because legal hasn't evolved this entity of the contract, beyond document stage, what happens is finance people come, they have to open a doc, look at it.
There was a tech guy on a call yesterday in a demo of our platform, and we uploaded five contracts of theirs live and watched our platform tag it out with the metadata, nerve-wracking.
And then he said, oh, here's an ask I had today of the contract. I had to ask of this vendor contract, what's the hyper-care term, tell me about it.
Find it, tell me about it. And he's like, he had to go find a document and go, and page, and page, and I think, control F, I think, okay, I guess, I think that's it.
But you never know in a document how they write contracts if it's there and it's later and it's mentioned again and it's changed in a further term.
So he's thumbing through. So Who as a tech person looking at a document to get his job done, answered, done, problem solved, etc.
So there's a transformational element of putting this legal document into business data. And when he asks that of the platform, he gets the whole, he gets the clause, but he gets an analysis around it that factors for the comprehensiveness of anything in that contract.
about that term. And that's what we've been missing. It hasn't been invented yet. That's what we've been missing for years.
Business data and the datafication of that. Right.
@13:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. I guess coming back to that question, I guess what I'm trying to get out is there are probably certain repeating measures that we could communicate to our audience such that they kind of know us.
It's for something or know us for a point of view. And so what is that one, two, three repeating things that we want to communicate?
So it's like maybe every story or every kind of few posts, we kind of tie back to that narrative.
So like what are those one, two, three points? I wrote a post about this.
@14:19 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so last year when I left Netflix, I realized all of this. I had the beginnings of the vision of this because I implemented a CLM for years at Netflix and it went live and it had AI in it, machine learning AI.
And when we went live two weeks before I left, because the AI had been scanning and tagging the hundreds of thousands of contracts for a while, it was live.
We looked at it and there were 3 million data points on those contracts, every clause, every, every, every, every.
We turned the legal documents into data completely that, and it was Herculean. It was crazy work. We to get that done in 2022 to 2024.
And when I came back from that and was like, whoa, this is a different game now. This is different.
This is not document-centric stuff. Sure, CLMs and drafting tools help with all of that document generating, and that's a very important part of all of this for legal.
But when I saw that, I saw the beginnings of this platform. I saw a vision for data, and those that can create ways to storytell with that data, that's the next phase we're entering, and a lot of the jobs and stuff will focus on that.
I wrote a post called Legal Ops 3.0, as in the next frontier, the next version of that industry. Yeah, it's a LinkedIn post.
It did very well. We don't need to quote 3.0 anymore. That's very last year, but the concept is turning all of this into data, and what happens.
@16:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How do we do that?
@16:00 - Jenn McCarron
And what do we do with that? And how do we serve the business? And how do you now extend illegal documents innards into actual enterprise workflows?
Those are themes we can repeat always that it's about data. And once it's turned into data, that is when you can search and find this.
Lawyers aren't happy, I said that a few times here, because they go into CLMs and they do a search in the way their brain knows how to search.
And CLM can't give them the result unless your legal ops team was awesome and spent millions of dollars and years tagging every single thing.
It's a function of the datafication of the contract. And it's not done in CLMs the way we are doing it with AI in a bigger data way.
@16:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What I'm thinking is maybe that like...
@16:58 - Jenn McCarron
There'll be... They're searching this way because it's language, native language-based. They're thinking, but show me that clause in the vendor about hypercare, and it understands and gives it back because it's data.
So we have a higher chance of making them happy. Please, I cut you off.
@17:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I was just about to say, maybe that is like the wow factor of the product, which is where you transform it into data, and they visually see what the end result could look like or the potential of that data set.
I think, as you mentioned, that was the eye-opening moment for you, and so I'm assuming other people will also get that as well.
So let's say future videos we create or any kind of demo walkthroughs, I think that moment is something that we should probably highlight.
Or even when we do onboarding product tutorials, I think that is what we're trying to explain. This is the before and this is the after state.
And then what you can do with the after Awesome.
@18:04 - Jenn McCarron
Love. Cool.
@18:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
This is quite interesting because I think every industry that I work with is trying to figure out AI. And so they're always trying to see what is the next tools, what are other companies doing, and they're just trying a bunch of things.
And obviously, a lot of people have been burned by it. And potentially, I would say, you could probably be be a kind of thought leader in the space, kind of helping people navigate through AI and kind of sharing maybe best practices or just certain mistakes that people are making when implementing AI or trying to.
Because, yeah, that kind of makes you forward-thinking, but also you have the credibility to kind of talk about these things.
@18:51 - Jenn McCarron
Love. 100% from both sides of the aisle. Yeah, a lot of experience here.
@18:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
There's a lot of noise you mentioned. I'm curious if you could go a bit more specific, like what is the noise?
And you also talked about like echo chamber, so it's like...
@19:08 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, there's a lot of echo chamber on LinkedIn in this like legal data tech operations world. For a while, it's just been a lot of people pontificating about what it's going to be like and how it's going to be and what you should think about, what you have to do and their opinions.
And it was, it's always a lot of future facing and like long posts. And what I find is many of, some of those people are certainly thought leaders and implementing the things.
And I know the ones who are implementing stuff, but most people are like customers, companies are still in the mess and the muck of it all, and they don't know how to get out of it.
And now their green highlight, they're being tasked to like... Let's learn. They're going to LinkedIn and going, you, you, you, you, you.
And so it's a good thing I'm on LinkedIn and I'm there because I'm getting into certain RFP processes. There's just not a lot of really clear POV, clear instructional didactic content that cuts through that you're like, oh my God, I learned something.
I get it. I'm putting that in my brain as a something to like strategize around. It's just a lot of, it looks like people just trying to, you know, get LinkedIn engagement.
@20:39 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Right. Oh, okay. There's potential here. I think if we can share like very tactical stuff or frameworks that people can think about, thought processes that people can actually take in internally to use, I think that would really stand out because, yeah, we don't really want to.
Yeah. Talk about fluff, or just even commentary on trends. should be, here's my take, here's what I think, here's based on my experience working with XYZ companies, and yeah, what you should do, kind of thing.
Great.
@21:13 - Jenn McCarron
Good news, my call just delayed 30 minutes, so we're good.
@21:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
If you're good. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely good. Like this was, yeah, we had that time prepped.
So, in this question, why do people buy from you? I think less, the question behind this was less about like you, Jenn, but from Contracts.ai.
So, I'm kind of curious, what are they maybe researching about, or actively trying to maybe purchase, and maybe why they ended up like talking to you, or talking to like, kind of testing Contracts.ai.
There's two things.
@21:54 - Jenn McCarron
Number one, it's, it's 2026 AI. has been the dominant conversation thread, and they have to, they've been tasked with getting going, and they have to get out there, sample all the products, and figure out the company's strategy, and there's like a hurry up and do it ethos, I'm noticing in a lot of companies, in-house corporates, Fortune 500 now, great.
That's one, just curiosity, timing, the moment is now here. They were reluctant for one to two years, and now the engine has like really turned on.
And then number two, is the CLM isn't delivering. Lawyers or drafters can't find anything. Why isn't the C, a general counsel said to me yesterday, what we do, what Contracts AI does, she's been asking Ironclad to do that for two years.
And her first thing on the call with me was, why hasn't Ironclad done that? And then I, I... If I into defense on Ironclad, I'm like, well, sure, they should have, theoretically.
But do you know how hard it is to tack on a very hard computer science problem to a giant platform with thousands of customers that's moving very fast?
Doing intake, workflow, all those other features. It's actually a hard, what we solved is difficult computer science. We have full-time jobs doing just that piece.
So think about how they tack that on to this. And so it's people frustrated with the current contract stack, the tech stack, or lack of ability to find anything.
Frustrated with a huge investment for many years putting in a CLM to mixed results, and they're not seeing value there.
They're not seeing value there. And connecting back to an earlier sentence, We, if you have that problem and that's your current state, We can explain.
explain. Extend the value of that and help lift some of that up, which is both like good and I don't want to be like a contingent, see, just spend more money with us and then that will work.
I don't want to say that, but the CLM just, it ends here. It literally objectively ends here and they're all looking for functionality here.
And so if we come in here, connect and pull what exists forward, we're literally technologically extending some of that data and work done in all of that system forward.
@24:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think that it would be very tough for CLMs to implement something like contracts for AI? Because I guess that's also an issue where I was also thinking the narrative could then be, here's what CLMs do really, really well, but here's why.
doesn't make sense for them to create or add a feature product like Contact Start AI. And here's why we solve, here's what they solve.
@25:09 - Jenn McCarron
It's an edgier thing to say because, as you know, I will not come out and bash CLMs or go negative in any publicity on them.
They're important and they work for some and some companies and they don't work for others. You need a really good legal ops team to orchestrate a CLM to make it work and it's expensive.
So it might not work for a two-person legal department. Great, great. But that's not a failure of CLM. So I'll never bash them.
I've always wanted tech products with many features to tell me, the customer or the product manager, where do you end?
So I know where to begin the next part of the workflow. And CLM doesn't want to say where it ends.
Its marketing has always been, go there, we can do it, we can do it all.
@25:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We will do everything, yeah. They do a few things well.
@26:00 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, because it's like runny borders. The borders aren't defined. I lost my train of thought, but there was something else I was getting at.
Oh, so I'll never bash them, but I would say this edgy thing where I say, hey, and it's educational, actually, for them to hear.
CLMs are really good at intake, at workflow, generating, at approval, at routing. That's a lot, and that's important. That's a train station.
Get it all going, and it's a hub when it lands in the train station in the end, but that's it.
And the border, and intelligence can begin, and that's where we excel. And why can't CLMs build this? What we have solved is a very difficult computer science problem.
Sure, technically they can, but to take a team of... Engineers and leadership and point it at that and the depth of that.
When they have the breadth of this to continue to improve for thousands of customers, that and that don't always fit.
It's hard to prioritize all of that. And then sidebar between you and I, I don't know if this is like for the strategy, but some of these CLMs now have to AI innovate over here in pre-signature and all those things that they're good at.
Because the AI incumbents over that part of the life cycle are going to eat their lunch. And what I'm observing is they're choosing to innovate here because they're good at those things.
So they're trying to get the native AI in there or acquire those companies. And repository, unfortunately, is an afterthought because of literally where it sits in the life cycle from a legal doc point of view.
So repository is an afterthought. For us, repository is the beast. beginning of the data, of the data-ification. So also, like, point of view on this is so different.
@28:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Are there other parallels of legal tech that CLMs can't do well? So I think maybe that's, like, a potentially good way or analogy to explain to people.
It's like, there are some cases where specialized or point solutions are better than one-for-all. And here's an example of it.
Are there any ones that come to mind?
@28:43 - Jenn McCarron
In legal tech or just generically? I think maybe specifically legal tech.
@28:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So it's like, because people want, like, one-for-all solutions, maybe there is a... It's a specific tool that everyone uses.
It's because they need it outside of CLMs. And so we could communicate the same value prop.
@29:06 - Jenn McCarron
You know, when it comes to e-billing and matter management, that's a pretty true and true point solution. That's a good point solution that handles that part of legal outside counsel, billing engagement, etc., payments authorizing.
And, and, and, and like, I think a good analogy to draw to could be, and what do you think of this?
Like, I never thought that these tech, any tech solution should have reporting in it because reporting can be done best by business intelligence tools, data visualization tools, like Tableau for data scientists, like Domo or the Microsoft version or whatever you'd build.
@29:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@30:00 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, Google Analytics or Google – and when people come to us or like a software company and go, I want reporting that looks like that, I'm like, no, because why would I spend my few engineering resources building what's already in the market?
There's a point solution that does that really well, and I believe the more apps can be like a point solution and have its product identity that it does 1.2 things well, the better, because it'll do those things really well.
And I always like this great quote by the famous American inventor, Orville Redenbacher, the popcorn inventor. It's written on a statue in his hometown.
It says, do one thing and do it really well, and I believe that stands for product management. So e-billing is a great example.
IP management has a – It's own thing. A lot of e-discovery tools were one thing, but as the software market blooms and grows over years and years, these players start gobbling up the others and trying to build the platform for all.
And it's a business thing, but it doesn't work super well.
@31:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Very interesting. Very interesting. Contract stack. Oh, yeah. I went through these people that you referred. Like, a lot of them are really great.
Like, Oz, Benamron. Yeah, so you have Doxin. Yeah, obviously, Ivo, Cecilia. Like, I think, so what I've done is, I'll show you at the latest stage.
I've created, like, an engagement list. So at the moment, it's just a Google sheet. So on a daily slash weekly basis, you could probably go through those profiles.
See if there's, like, any interesting things that you could comment on. think commenting. It's actually quite good because you get kind of eyeballs to their audience.
So it doesn't have to be like, oh, I need to do this again. It could just be like, oh, what is in the market?
Like, what are people talking about? So I'm sure you're already doing it. I'm used to doing that. Yeah, awesome.
Cool, cool. Another one. So what are the core concepts, beliefs, word views that people need to understand before your solution clicks for them?
So I think this is more around when you sell it to someone. Like, when is that moment where they're like, oh, this is why you exist.
Or, oh, like, I get what you do now. Is it that thing, that wow moment that we mentioned where it's like translating it to data and they see the potential of it?
@32:44 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I have two wow moments I'm observing over and over. When they see the first, for the first time, what we call our contract details view, where they see all the data.
The datification of everything in the contract tagged. Here's this risk. Here's this term. Here's this end date, counterparty, tag, parent-child relationship.
On a big contract, that could be a data list of 75 things. And when I tell them, I go, see this?
Our agent, our technology, read the contract, analyzed it, and it took two minutes to tag that. And I say to them, when I implemented CLM at Netflix, that took us two years to get to.
And a team, and a lot of money, and a lot of resources, lot of imperfect tagging. Two minutes a contract.
And it finds the top 100 to 110 legal terms of this planet. It's an LLM. It finds them and tags them with a high degree of accuracy.
And that's a wow. Because we've all died in the manual. And then the second wow is, oh, do you have something unique?
Speak to your business like a project code or incoterms or some legal term it didn't find or business term but you need it turned into data.
Easy. For free, as part of the platform licensure, create a custom attribute. Simple definition. Incoterms are about distributing goods across the globe.
Save. The tech goes and reanalyzes the contract and goes in terms of distribution around the globe, incoterms, and it tags them.
And then the tech goes back through your entire repository of 100,000 agreements. And the AI is smart enough to go find incoterms.
They're like game change. And then I'll say the third wow is like the search I described earlier. When they can say, show me what I need to know about hyper care inside the vendor contract with vendor Acme.
I need to know that. And it comes back. In 20 seconds with an analysis, a summary, the term, a table, link to the contract.
Wow.
@35:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is there, are there moments or things that they need to believe before showing them the product? Because I think once they see the product, then that's the wow moment.
But then what about before where you're trying to explain the problem that you're trying to solve? Like, are there any phrases or sentences that you use where they're like, oh, I kind of get what you do now.
And can I see the product now? Kind of thing. Because the hardest part of destroying the product.
@35:40 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so many of them are coming in on that second point I was making where it's either AI strategy needs to be solved by them or the CLM is not delivering the search results.
They can't find anything. They're not using and engaging that platform because it doesn't return results. So because they're coming in with a negative state of outcome on a product, we can speak to the positive state.
We can say the reverse. We can find that. We can find the end date. We can table it up.
You can scour not only all your contracts in a CLM, but in a folder, but in a box.com account, but in a bit.
And so there's some of like the reversing or positively negating their current state. And then some things they do need to hear.
They need to hear. Sometimes they need to hear how the AI works because AI products of the last three to five years, five to six years, work if and only if they train on your data and you spend a lot of time training it and you teach an algorithm and then maybe.
@37:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Maybe it'll give you what you want.
@37:01 - Jenn McCarron
So there's all this conditionality. So they need to hear that it works now in two minutes and doesn't train on your data in order to be successful.
There are not conditions. And that's a very new paradigm for AI solutions.
@37:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Maybe also something we could touch on at a later stage is how to calculate ROI of AI. Because I think people are using AI for the sake of AI, or they might not have a tangible outcome once they implement it.
So it's like, if they're spending so much money, then what are they getting? What is the result? And then if they don't solve this problem with AI, how much is it costing them?
Because I'm assuming they don't have a tangible figure of what is, how much this problem that they're not solving is costing.
They don't.
@37:54 - Jenn McCarron
And you know, GCAI has invented on their website and in their marketing, an ROI. ROI Calculator, where they're putting productivity numbers.
And yeah, it's a great idea, and I'm willing to do that. All I've done my whole career is that ROI math to sell these solutions internally.
And it starts a little bit with productivity savings, search and find savings, sure. And then we can start to get towards revenue leakage and start to show the faster these things turn to data and are in the system and monitored and accounted for and sending data into workflows, the faster the company can account cleanly, accurately.
And there's actual revenue leakage there. But it's tricky. Who cares about revenue leakage? Does legal really care about revenue leakage?
Are they measured on that success? They're not. Good. The few good ones, leaders will. But will they really go, oh, we're going to save the company 3% in revenue leakage?
Let's do this. They care about their own teams getting work done faster. They care about more deals. They care about faster deal times.
Actually, that's it for the legal ICP. For the finance ICP, revenue leakage is so obvious. For legal ICP, faster deal times is a huge, huge thing.
And we can deliver that because we're turning precedent, executed precedent into data in real time when this hits. And executed precedent or the data of all their contracts fed back to them while they're drafting.
Playbooking is what our huge new feature is that we keep expanding on. That can change to how a deal flows because you start to normalize your deals and work off rule books.
And you're drawing up the rule playbook or the rule book from what was done, what was actually executed. And you have this intelligence tool to scan and span everything done and statistically read it and go, this clause.
We're going to make an amalgamation of these five clauses. That's speed and normalization of a contract, beginning of a contract.
@40:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I remember, I think earlier in this doc, one of the blockers to implementing something like this is finance and procurement.
so I think maybe later, Cedric, you also touch on how they could sell it internally. So that could be like a technical playbook of here's what the ROI could look like, or here's things that you should consider, and what you should talk to your finance leader about.
Because that would be a big block of studios for us.
@40:42 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, and in fact, we're going in for next meetings with our potential customer, Blackstone, tomorrow. And she just did, our head of sourcing, our leader there, who's bringing us in to pilot, just did a huge presentation to like the head of machine.
Team Learning, the head of data science, the COO of Blackstone. And it was a big meeting and it passed.
And so we're going in to now meet the execs and just do the next slides. It's huge.
@41:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's such a huge momentum. Thank you.
@41:15 - Jenn McCarron
And I want to know, like, I want to mine her at the point in time where I can talk to her about that and say, what were the levers?
What clicked, like, specifically for procurement sourcing people like you? I know the moment where I saw transparency, contract visibility, numbers, value of contracts come up from our platform.
Because our platform, as this pilot we showed her, it connected to her portfolio of companies beneath and all their contracts.
And when she saw the ability to aggregate contracts. contracts. Data from five different companies under the Blackstone hood and go, give me one unified pricing analysis for some software they buy across the portfolio.
Now she's getting intelligence on how to procure more software with all the leverage they have as a company. So what are they going to get?
They're going to save money. It's savings in their procurement cycle themselves. So I'm just teasing that out. But one day soon I will get even more of that from her.
Like what did the C-suite care about?
@42:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yes, that would be super powerful. And then you could add it to your like sales playbooks, things to prepare for those meetings as well.
Common beliefs in your industry that you passionately disagree about. So are these certain things that people kind of assume that you don't like?
So for example, does... Do most people not like contract tick, as an example?
@43:03 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, there's a bad rap, especially for CLM implementations. Sometimes those big industry conferences, the trade groups like I've been going to for years and working for, sometimes people joke that those are just like grief gatherings for people stuck in a CLM implementation.
So specifically CLM implementations suck and then they go live and there's like, you do all this hard work for years and there's an underwhelming response from the business when you go live.
And I wrote a little bit about that somewhere. Oh, I'm going on Lucy's webinar thing in two Fridays from now.
We're doing like a live stream for 30 minutes on, she's like, she's in my list of people. She was an in-house or like me, but a lawyer, but contracts tech focused, started a consultancy.
I put up a post, like, you ever notice when you implement CLM, it's really hard, and then day one, nobody cares?
That's a common behavior set, belief. Yeah.
@44:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Interesting. What about the legal lawyers that are all difficult, don't want to innovate, resistance to change? Is that a fact?
Or is that something people already assume? It's not a fact.
@44:29 - Jenn McCarron
It's not a fact. There is a set of behaviors that, as a cohort of people that are both lawyers and the lawyers of certain age groups, when you combine those together, they're slower to innovate because the lawyers that are in leadership positions now, when they started their career, they were barely on email.
Barely. If that.
@44:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Email. If
@45:00 - Jenn McCarron
Email was the first big revolution because it's a window where you could just put all the text and the language and the contract and it's privileged and you just send it like they love email and it worked really well to accelerate their work product and everything.
In fact, I was just with CAA in Los Angeles, potential customer, and I said, how do you guys draft?
And the guy said to me, email. So they loved that because it's a simple text edit window. I think they're all capable of change.
Look, they're all in the working world. They all picked up G Suite and Outlook and all these productivity tools and they'll do the workflows of the companies.
Now they use note taker notes and they figured out Zoom. They're literally capable of change. And anyone is capable of change when your leadership forces it or else your, you know, job is on the line.
Like you're. You're. You're. Measured by the success of how much you innovate. As an institution and an industry, they just haven't been pressured to innovate hardcore for survival.
So it's slower to change. I would not say they're difficult. It's a slower innovation pace of change. And you have to know how to get in there and understand them, where they are, and how to bring them forward this much.
And what happens is legal ops, legal tech people, they go in, they meet the lawyer where they are, and then they try to get them all the way here.
Whereas you have to get them, like, here. And people don't understand the psychology. You do very well. The psychology of behavior of change and how people move forward.
I understand that really well. So I'll just stay here for three years with them and get them going into whatever I can hub and spoke off of that.
And I've seen them all move forward if you meet them where they are. so, yeah, that's the kind of Catch-22.
@47:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, do people view, like, how do you describe, like, Jenn as a brand? Like, are you seen as a, like, inspirational person, motivational, authoritative?
Like, what is the few adjectives that you think other people describe you as? Um, I get confident a lot.
@47:26 - Jenn McCarron
I get inspiring. I've heard motivational when I, when I speak in that way, when I'm addressing, like, the future, the unknown, hope, what you can do, limitless possibilities.
I take a limitless possibilities point of view a lot in what I write and, and, and how I solve with tech and how I create as an artist.
I see everything as blank canvas or negative space. And, like, I'm the kind of mind and person you. can put me into those situations, and I can see what others can't.
And because I'm articulate, and I like to share, and teach, and give, and serve that out to others, I really like sharing the info.
That's why I podcast it. That's why I do LinkedIn. I like figuring it out, and then going, hey, here.
I mean, that's what I'm doing on YouTube right now, and it does really well. So I think many get that I am a source of knowledge and information, and that I'm willing, I'm generous, I'm willing to give it, to teach it, to spend the time, to pass it forward, pay it forward, pass it along.
@48:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, because I think that kind of voice would do really well when we're trying to be that forward-thinking, maybe it's like the future of legal ops that we kind of showcase, or the AI and legal tech.
People have always said they know that I know the future, and I really am. A futurist person.
@49:01 - Jenn McCarron
I dream. have imagination. I can see those things. And I've always said this to people. People ask me what I think my secret weapon is or skill, my most awesome skill.
And I say I can draw anything. And a lot of people can't draw. I can both literally draw and then figuratively with my mind draw.
And I know how to speak what I can see. So this could be the pen or this is the pen or I do it on slides or I made the video.
Like I know how to draw the concept and teach and explain. Or if you could put something in an educational video, you could like do anything.
@49:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Instructional, didactic.
@49:46 - Jenn McCarron
So yeah, we should capitalize on that.
@49:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. A few last questions. Legal Ops. Are there... Is of, I don't know, people saying bad things about legal ops?
Yes, there's an underside. There is. There's an absolute underside.
@50:10 - Jenn McCarron
It's a newer industry that really came up in the last five to seven years. When I started that work, it didn't even have a name, legal ops.
It was just like a person doing tech stuff in legal department and this person can get anything done. So it's very new, very newly founded.
That clock organization I've been a part of for years and helping grow to, maybe it has like 5,000 global members, maybe 3,000 of them are in-house corporates.
The membership has been doubling year over year with paralegals converting into legal ops, paralegals hitting their ceiling because that's a job.
And going, oh, well, there's this legal ops thing and it involves tech and it's cool and it's innovative. And then I'll be the one of one and they'll trust me and give me budget and I'll finally break free from paralegal.
Work. And my objective observation is maybe one in 20 make and can really do the work well of legal ops.
Most can't. Paralegal skill does not train you mostly at all for any of that. I believe IT chops, tech program management, program management, generic project management, stakeholder management across an enterprise, that generic spreadsheet-y work, Six Sigma, those kinds of skills, that was my base and made me kind of this universal player and I plugged it into legal.
Sure, I had to learn contracts and lawyers and they'll know that. They'll know that best. But legal ops is way more than contracts.
It's many things. It's a multitude, multidisciplinary, budgeting, e-billing. It's so many. Tech. So any project, they just throw at you.
You have to know how to do it. So a lot of those folks are failing. There's all this LinkedIn noise in the industry.
LegalOps, it's a thing. Clock is so well branded and bright and cool looking now. And then people are like, I love LegalOps.
They're going to save us in the legal department. And then this paralegal ops manager comes in and they can't do it.
They can't implement a CLM because it's very complex and needs a certain kind of skill set. And many this year are realizing it.
And I've been writing about this, that the legal ops jobs I see right now all are requiring tech chops of like 10 years implementing tech.
I'm saying, finally, you guys are getting it through a big fail cycle. A lot of people lost their jobs, a lot of legal departments trimmed, et cetera.
So yeah, there's definitely hit and miss. And if you talk to legal departments, one and two are like, mm-mm, on legal ops.
And I really understand that reality. I've tried to manage those people. As they come to me when I was the one at Netflix, they're like, I'm going to come work for you.
I'm like, you have no skill for me.
@53:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Does that mean that you, are you an advocate of legal ops as a profession in the future? Or do you think it shouldn't exist?
Or do you think it's like a must-have, but just people are lagging to build the skills required for the role?
What's your take?
@53:24 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, personally, philosophically, I struggle with the whole purpose of the thing I helped invent because legal leadership is not measured by the success of their legal ops solutions, programs, speed of business, faster deal times.
Some are. And then they know they have to put a really technical person in. And then they're like, this person's my right hand and a real strategic partner.
Some get it. And I believe in those roles where they get it. And they put the position in the right level and scope, and they find the right person.
It's just, it's hard to get all of that right. And leadership that gets it at a business level, not at a legal level.
So I believe in it, but the masses, like the predominance right now of the roles are like, they're not all landing in the legal departments.
And that's valid data. That's valid. It's happening because there's a skill gap with the people converting in en masse.
But there are some really great leaders out there who have a JD who are technical, who love the ops problem solving thing, and can do the corporate people wrangling.
And fundamentally, I believe in it. I just think it needs more time and more years to keep penetrating and permeating every legal department and every legal leader.
And in time, there'll be a generational shift in minds. of the legal leaders of every legal department, where they'll never have known a world without generative AI, drafting, pamphlet tools, etc.
And they'll demand a higher bar of tech and automation and digital digitization data. But with this cohort of current leaders, it's mixed.
So we need time to kind of pass. And we just keep pushing uphill, but I tell people when I mentor them, expect to be fired, expect to hit a ceiling at three years, do the best you can, have a consultant mindset, have your own end date in mind, because you're here to transform to the next phase.
And they'll get some of it, and some of it just won't land. This tech is so new. Zoom out.
Don't take it so seriously if you get pushed out. It's good. You went in, you did three years of awesome work.
Okay, the CLM is not great. You still move them from zero to a new one. So yeah, it's tough.
It's an uphill job. But I think fundamentally on paper, I believe in it.
@56:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The reason why I ask is because I'm trying to figure out whether you want to push for this legal ops movement, essentially.
It's like you advocate for the role, but then you know that it's not here yet, but you believe that this is the future.
Yeah, I want to. I want to.
@56:25 - Jenn McCarron
I think there's continuity in the story of me, my career, my service to the trade group, the growth of the trade group.
The trade group provides a big tent event and gathering of people that actually are my pipeline is that trade group's membership.
And I believe in it, and I believe it still needs leaders like me to help pull the industry forward and define the roles.
But to me, like the role you designed last year isn't going to solve this year's problems. It's every. It's
Everything is changing and always so fast. so what you're getting from me now is my, I'm very in touch with the death of the old because I'm a futurist.
I'm always like, can't work that way anymore. And I like that. I like things ending and having to innovate, but a lot of people don't.
And it makes them uncomfortable and they want to lock in and move slow and they want the job forever and they want senior director.
And I'm like, this isn't there yet. It's not working that way. It's a bumpy ride. I'd enjoy it rather than be thrashing from it.
So I believe I'm still the one, but I don't hold on to the old ideas of legal ops. I'm very willing to shred what's under the hood with legal ops.
And I have my own definition of what the role is. And that's not what the industry touts. The industry is like, you do 15 things.
@57:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay.
@57:52 - Jenn McCarron
And I've been like, we need to do three things and nothing else. And tech needs to be number one.
And I'll. Say bold things like forget budgeting.
@58:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's an opinion.
@58:03 - Jenn McCarron
It's important, etc. But like I believe in it, but I believe it constantly has to be narrowed and redefined with the actual real data.
Okay, okay.
@58:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you have a meeting to jump into? Yeah, in like two minutes, yeah. Okay. I do have a few questions.
Maybe like last few, maybe I can send them through to you in Slack. I also need to get access to your LinkedIn account.
If you do have a password manager, just if you want to take more for security purposes, like, it would be great.
Yeah, I'm just going to give you my credentials over, what's it called? Okay. Over Slack. Slack. Okay. I think there might be like a authentication code potentially once I log in.
So once I do, I'll need you to confirm that.
@58:56 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, yeah, because I have, I might have dual auth on. Thank Bye. Do I need to turn that off?
Oh, no, no.
@59:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think if you can turn it off, that would be great. Yeah, yeah. We could totally simplify it.
@59:14 - Jenn McCarron
No, I'm totally fine with that.
@59:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
My password's like hard enough.
@59:26 - Jenn McCarron
Great. just pinged you that, and then I'm actually trying to...
@59:31 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay. That is a scary... Yeah, sorry about that. I use a password manager, so I'm always... Security. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Okay, cool.
@59:46 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I'm taking a look into my passwording, so I can make that easier for you. I can't sign in and security.
@59:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's my email. sent through a code. I just sent through a verification code, if you can send that to me.
I think it should be in your email.
@1:00:14 - Jenn McCarron
529-856.
@1:00:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, awesome. I'm in.
@1:00:27 - Jenn McCarron
I do not have to factor on.
@1:00:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. So this should be like a one-off thing. Like, usually any new location that can get signed in may require the verification code, but I think once I'm in, I should be in.
Awesome, great. Cool. I'll send through the last few questions, and yeah, good luck with your meeting. Hopefully it goes well.
Great, great.
@1:00:54 - Jenn McCarron
So when should we meet again? What do you need for me next after this? Yeah.
@1:01:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I would say the next one would be the first content interview. So you mentioned that you could do 10 a.m.
ET time, I believe. Are there any specific days that work well for you? Like either this week or early next week?
Because I know that you're applying.
@1:01:18 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, this week, the 10 a.m.s.
@1:01:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We could do like early next week and then, so ideally like a slot we kind of have on a recurring basis.
So that's just like our content interview slot. So maybe if just for this week, we could, or next week, we could have like a flexible time and then moving on forward, we have a more set date.
Great.
@1:01:44 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, how about Tuesday of next week, Tuesday 10 a.m.
@1:01:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Works for me. Okay. Yeah, let's do that. I'll send you the info. you'll calendar it?
@1:01:58 - Jenn McCarron
Yep.
@1:01:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yep. I'll calendar it.
@1:02:00 - Jenn McCarron
Wonderful. All right, great. Thank you so much, Osman. We'll speak very soon. Yeah, chat to you soon.
@1:02:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, take care. Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Week 1 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 62 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How are you? I'm great. How's it going?
@0:03 - Jenn McCarron
Good.
@0:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm currently in Japan, just with my family at the moment. Amazing.
@0:12 - Jenn McCarron
I'm currently in San Francisco, well, in Menlo Park, so my voice is a little loud because it's 7 a.m.
@0:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That was very early for you. Yes. I appreciate you jumping on this call so early. Yeah, yeah.
@0:27 - Jenn McCarron
You know, it was on my mind all week to do, so I appreciate the nudge and I had some sit-down time finally yesterday and got the questionnaire done and I'm ready to rock.
However, I only can stay on with you for another 27 minutes because a big call jumped on my calendar, so maybe we can use this time to kick off and merge all of our brains together and then we'll do a part two.
Like, tomorrow I'm back in New York. I'm flying back today. Yep. Okay, okay.
@1:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We'll try to speedrun this then. So agenda for today is just making sure that you kind of understand the process, how everything works.
And then we'll run through the onboarding questionnaire a bit. Just some questions I had. And after that, just some admin stuff like getting access to your LinkedIn, aligning on which day and time you want to do the interviews, and then also commenting.
So I've created an engagement list, but I'll run you through that at the very end of your time. Sounds good?
Yeah, great. Awesome. Yeah, I appreciate you kind of filling out that onboarding questionnaire. Did it take you long?
@1:42 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, it wasn't short, but not super long. was under two hours for sure. Yeah, okay, okay.
@1:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's good to hear. Okay. So basically, the way these content interviews work is that, generally speaking, we can do, like, mostly we'll start up.
And then if things get a bit easier or faster, then we could switch it to bi-weekly to start with.
And the idea is that I would send you maybe a few questions that I think could be prompts that I would ask you during the session.
And then it'll be something like the podcast where I would ask and then you would answer. If there's anything that I think we could dive deeper or follow up, then I'll ask further questions.
And I think we'll probably have like an alignment on what the strategy is for, let's say, the first month and decide, okay, what are these certain content pillars or types of content that we want to create?
And then we'll do that for like a month and see how that goes. And then based on the feedback, we'll tweak on a month-by-month basis.
And so moving forward, we'll also record these sessions using Riverside. So in case we want to use video, then we already have that footage ready and I could just clip that.
But I think to start with, because you've mostly been text-based, I think we might stick with... The text-based or image-based to start with.
And then slowly, once people kind of consume your content more and more, then we can kind of tweak and experiment with video.
Yeah, did that work with you? Great. And usually after these content interviews, it'll probably take us two to three days to get the drafts to you.
So let's say if it's on a Friday when we have the interviews, then I'll get those back to you by like Monday or Tuesday to have you review it.
And the idea is that sometimes it may require you to kind of tweak a bit to make sure like tone of voice, maybe things are factually need fixing.
so, yeah, the first few weeks or months, there might be more kind of edits on your end. So it'll be really just so I can learn what is your taste, maybe certain words that you don't use, certain things that you want to repeat, that kind of stuff.
So, yeah, we're going to use Google Docs for all of the posts. So just... After the feedback is done, then either you can do it or I can more than happy takeover just to schedule the posts for the week.
So, yeah, if that's something that you'd like to do or we could do, either way works. I'd love your help on that.
@4:16 - Jenn McCarron
That would be cool. Yeah, easy as Make things move.
@4:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, especially when you're, like, busy and, like, maybe forget to post, like, yeah, I can kind of handle that for you.
Not a sweat. Cool. Let's run through the onboarding questionnaire. I did have a few questions. So, I kind of highlighted.
So, the first thing I was very curious about was, so, one of the objections, I think these are always really good content pieces that we could be creating.
And I think a recurring thing that you've seemed to fill out is, like, your ICP, they kind of want a...
One solution fits all. I think that was the promise that CLM sold legal operators. And so I'm keen to hear your perspective in terms of, firstly, one, how you overcome the objection.
And then I guess two is, what is your point of view of the contract stack or just the legal stack in general?
And then where you see contracts like AI kind of fitting in? Because ultimately, we want to reduce the barrier and friction for people to try out contracts like AI.
And so I think these are recurring things that we have to answer.
@5:37 - Jenn McCarron
How do I overcome that objection? I validate it, first of all, and say, I get the thinking because of how CLM named itself and marketed itself, that it sounds like it should be end-to-end.
So I validate their right to... I that, and I try to educate and say, let's separate the CLM, the life cycle word from the title of the software and the promise of the software.
And when you talk about the true life cycle of a contract, it's not simple. It's not straightforward. It starts before it even hits that system and goes beyond.
The data goes beyond, and actual business workflow. And there's no way one solution can cover all of those things.
I think we're still evolving. And I think CLM as a solution was a great grab for many, many phases.
But here's, and I say my opinion, here's where I believe they excel. And I animate kind of out loud.
I narrate, animate, intake, workflow, generate the document, approval, iterate, draft, draft, draft, approve, sign, kerplunk. And I say, that's it.
There's a little metadata after the kerplunk. Kerplunk, there's not a lot of intelligence after the kerplunk. echoes. I say that to them.
And then it's a little bit of education. And what I didn't say this in the doc, I should have somewhere, but because we're filling in a new space in the whole continuum of how a contract moves with data, there's an education burden that has to happen.
We have to come in and educate people like, no, this, what you thought was that, this is us. And this is how it works now in 2026.
That's very new for them. And so that puts time on my cell cycle, et cetera. And that's okay. And so hearing what you learned, heard me say is part of that process where I'm saying, you know, all this, well, the kerplunk and nothing really happens.
We light that up. We turn that into like a stadium of people like. Canting, like data, data, data. And then your second question was, how do I do the contract stack or what was my thought on a contract stack?
@8:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Actually, I think based on what you just said, it would maybe at a later stage be good to visualize the whole life cycle of what the individual's tools should look like and where contract.ai kind of slots in.
I draw that out.
@8:29 - Jenn McCarron
You know, in the future, if we unpack this and even if we did a video, I could draw it out.
I could do a top-down camera and draw it on a piece of paper or draw it on a slide or something like cool and kitschy.
Because just so you know, before AI entered the scene here, when I was at Netflix doing this job in-house, I had a contract stack of five to seven solutions because I knew no one solution would fit 1,000.
Contract types and how they move across the business. There's no way. There's different starting points, end points, systems. They go to come from teams, needs, workflows.
And it was simplistic thinking to think that. And I had it then, and now I really see it. And now I see how apps can layer over one another, orchestrate, integrate.
@9:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. I think if you have time, it'll be good for you to even hand draw it. then potentially we could try to make it into some graphic or something visual.
So obviously you could add it into your sales decks or pitch decks when you have sales calls. But obviously on a recurring basis, we could have it on websites, could have it on onboarding collateral, can have it on LinkedIn as well.
I think that'd be really good. Okay. Yeah. I think the contract stack, I think this is also quite important as well, because as you mentioned, like new reality of needing one.
So I think the education of why Contract stack should even exist. I think that's quite crucial. then zooming out, what is the higher level of where like everything fits in and then where does contract AI slot in?
I think that's a great one. Awesome. Wow.
@10:13 - Jenn McCarron
It's just like mined major content.
@10:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, this is really nice. That's kind of why these onboarding questions are quite in-depth because there's a lot of things that we could discuss and then we could put them into like a content bank for future purposes.
So if we run out of ideas, we're like, oh, we actually talked about this like a while back. Let's kind of talk about this, maybe touch on it, double down, different angles, all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, love that. So one thing you kind of repeatedly talk about is the kind of CLMs overselling. And I know that we're not really trying to replace CLMs.
And so what is the narrative that you want to repeat? Because we don't want to talk bad about them.
But then we also don't want to replace it. So this is the word I've been using.
@11:04 - Jenn McCarron
We potentiate the CLM. We send its value into the enterprise. CLM is an important, it is a document-centric system of record, and it can remain the SOR, the system of record.
You did all that work. You invested a lot. There's a lot of workflows. The trains are often running into the CLM.
Intake, routing, approval, etc. Great. We transform the document into a legal document into business data. That's what happens with contracts AI.
And you need both. You need both in order to create and extend the workflow of the contract into the enterprise.
The enterprise doesn't deal But because legal hasn't evolved this entity of the contract, beyond document stage, what happens is finance people come, they have to open a doc, look at it.
There was a tech guy on a call yesterday in a demo of our platform, and we uploaded five contracts of theirs live and watched our platform tag it out with the metadata, nerve-wracking.
And then he said, oh, here's an ask I had today of the contract. I had to ask of this vendor contract, what's the hyper-care term, tell me about it.
Find it, tell me about it. And he's like, he had to go find a document and go, and page, and page, and I think, control F, I think, okay, I guess, I think that's it.
But you never know in a document how they write contracts if it's there and it's later and it's mentioned again and it's changed in a further term.
So he's thumbing through. So Who as a tech person looking at a document to get his job done, answered, done, problem solved, etc.
So there's a transformational element of putting this legal document into business data. And when he asks that of the platform, he gets the whole, he gets the clause, but he gets an analysis around it that factors for the comprehensiveness of anything in that contract.
about that term. And that's what we've been missing. It hasn't been invented yet. That's what we've been missing for years.
Business data and the datafication of that. Right.
@13:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. I guess coming back to that question, I guess what I'm trying to get out is there are probably certain repeating measures that we could communicate to our audience such that they kind of know us.
It's for something or know us for a point of view. And so what is that one, two, three repeating things that we want to communicate?
So it's like maybe every story or every kind of few posts, we kind of tie back to that narrative.
So like what are those one, two, three points? I wrote a post about this.
@14:19 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so last year when I left Netflix, I realized all of this. I had the beginnings of the vision of this because I implemented a CLM for years at Netflix and it went live and it had AI in it, machine learning AI.
And when we went live two weeks before I left, because the AI had been scanning and tagging the hundreds of thousands of contracts for a while, it was live.
We looked at it and there were 3 million data points on those contracts, every clause, every, every, every, every.
We turned the legal documents into data completely that, and it was Herculean. It was crazy work. We to get that done in 2022 to 2024.
And when I came back from that and was like, whoa, this is a different game now. This is different.
This is not document-centric stuff. Sure, CLMs and drafting tools help with all of that document generating, and that's a very important part of all of this for legal.
But when I saw that, I saw the beginnings of this platform. I saw a vision for data, and those that can create ways to storytell with that data, that's the next phase we're entering, and a lot of the jobs and stuff will focus on that.
I wrote a post called Legal Ops 3.0, as in the next frontier, the next version of that industry. Yeah, it's a LinkedIn post.
It did very well. We don't need to quote 3.0 anymore. That's very last year, but the concept is turning all of this into data, and what happens.
@16:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How do we do that?
@16:00 - Jenn McCarron
And what do we do with that? And how do we serve the business? And how do you now extend illegal documents innards into actual enterprise workflows?
Those are themes we can repeat always that it's about data. And once it's turned into data, that is when you can search and find this.
Lawyers aren't happy, I said that a few times here, because they go into CLMs and they do a search in the way their brain knows how to search.
And CLM can't give them the result unless your legal ops team was awesome and spent millions of dollars and years tagging every single thing.
It's a function of the datafication of the contract. And it's not done in CLMs the way we are doing it with AI in a bigger data way.
@16:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What I'm thinking is maybe that like...
@16:58 - Jenn McCarron
There'll be... They're searching this way because it's language, native language-based. They're thinking, but show me that clause in the vendor about hypercare, and it understands and gives it back because it's data.
So we have a higher chance of making them happy. Please, I cut you off.
@17:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I was just about to say, maybe that is like the wow factor of the product, which is where you transform it into data, and they visually see what the end result could look like or the potential of that data set.
I think, as you mentioned, that was the eye-opening moment for you, and so I'm assuming other people will also get that as well.
So let's say future videos we create or any kind of demo walkthroughs, I think that moment is something that we should probably highlight.
Or even when we do onboarding product tutorials, I think that is what we're trying to explain. This is the before and this is the after state.
And then what you can do with the after Awesome.
@18:04 - Jenn McCarron
Love. Cool.
@18:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
This is quite interesting because I think every industry that I work with is trying to figure out AI. And so they're always trying to see what is the next tools, what are other companies doing, and they're just trying a bunch of things.
And obviously, a lot of people have been burned by it. And potentially, I would say, you could probably be be a kind of thought leader in the space, kind of helping people navigate through AI and kind of sharing maybe best practices or just certain mistakes that people are making when implementing AI or trying to.
Because, yeah, that kind of makes you forward-thinking, but also you have the credibility to kind of talk about these things.
@18:51 - Jenn McCarron
Love. 100% from both sides of the aisle. Yeah, a lot of experience here.
@18:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
There's a lot of noise you mentioned. I'm curious if you could go a bit more specific, like what is the noise?
And you also talked about like echo chamber, so it's like...
@19:08 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, there's a lot of echo chamber on LinkedIn in this like legal data tech operations world. For a while, it's just been a lot of people pontificating about what it's going to be like and how it's going to be and what you should think about, what you have to do and their opinions.
And it was, it's always a lot of future facing and like long posts. And what I find is many of, some of those people are certainly thought leaders and implementing the things.
And I know the ones who are implementing stuff, but most people are like customers, companies are still in the mess and the muck of it all, and they don't know how to get out of it.
And now their green highlight, they're being tasked to like... Let's learn. They're going to LinkedIn and going, you, you, you, you, you.
And so it's a good thing I'm on LinkedIn and I'm there because I'm getting into certain RFP processes. There's just not a lot of really clear POV, clear instructional didactic content that cuts through that you're like, oh my God, I learned something.
I get it. I'm putting that in my brain as a something to like strategize around. It's just a lot of, it looks like people just trying to, you know, get LinkedIn engagement.
@20:39 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Right. Oh, okay. There's potential here. I think if we can share like very tactical stuff or frameworks that people can think about, thought processes that people can actually take in internally to use, I think that would really stand out because, yeah, we don't really want to.
Yeah. Talk about fluff, or just even commentary on trends. should be, here's my take, here's what I think, here's based on my experience working with XYZ companies, and yeah, what you should do, kind of thing.
Great.
@21:13 - Jenn McCarron
Good news, my call just delayed 30 minutes, so we're good.
@21:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
If you're good. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm definitely good. Like this was, yeah, we had that time prepped.
So, in this question, why do people buy from you? I think less, the question behind this was less about like you, Jenn, but from Contracts.ai.
So, I'm kind of curious, what are they maybe researching about, or actively trying to maybe purchase, and maybe why they ended up like talking to you, or talking to like, kind of testing Contracts.ai.
There's two things.
@21:54 - Jenn McCarron
Number one, it's, it's 2026 AI. has been the dominant conversation thread, and they have to, they've been tasked with getting going, and they have to get out there, sample all the products, and figure out the company's strategy, and there's like a hurry up and do it ethos, I'm noticing in a lot of companies, in-house corporates, Fortune 500 now, great.
That's one, just curiosity, timing, the moment is now here. They were reluctant for one to two years, and now the engine has like really turned on.
And then number two, is the CLM isn't delivering. Lawyers or drafters can't find anything. Why isn't the C, a general counsel said to me yesterday, what we do, what Contracts AI does, she's been asking Ironclad to do that for two years.
And her first thing on the call with me was, why hasn't Ironclad done that? And then I, I... If I into defense on Ironclad, I'm like, well, sure, they should have, theoretically.
But do you know how hard it is to tack on a very hard computer science problem to a giant platform with thousands of customers that's moving very fast?
Doing intake, workflow, all those other features. It's actually a hard, what we solved is difficult computer science. We have full-time jobs doing just that piece.
So think about how they tack that on to this. And so it's people frustrated with the current contract stack, the tech stack, or lack of ability to find anything.
Frustrated with a huge investment for many years putting in a CLM to mixed results, and they're not seeing value there.
They're not seeing value there. And connecting back to an earlier sentence, We, if you have that problem and that's your current state, We can explain.
explain. Extend the value of that and help lift some of that up, which is both like good and I don't want to be like a contingent, see, just spend more money with us and then that will work.
I don't want to say that, but the CLM just, it ends here. It literally objectively ends here and they're all looking for functionality here.
And so if we come in here, connect and pull what exists forward, we're literally technologically extending some of that data and work done in all of that system forward.
@24:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think that it would be very tough for CLMs to implement something like contracts for AI? Because I guess that's also an issue where I was also thinking the narrative could then be, here's what CLMs do really, really well, but here's why.
doesn't make sense for them to create or add a feature product like Contact Start AI. And here's why we solve, here's what they solve.
@25:09 - Jenn McCarron
It's an edgier thing to say because, as you know, I will not come out and bash CLMs or go negative in any publicity on them.
They're important and they work for some and some companies and they don't work for others. You need a really good legal ops team to orchestrate a CLM to make it work and it's expensive.
So it might not work for a two-person legal department. Great, great. But that's not a failure of CLM. So I'll never bash them.
I've always wanted tech products with many features to tell me, the customer or the product manager, where do you end?
So I know where to begin the next part of the workflow. And CLM doesn't want to say where it ends.
Its marketing has always been, go there, we can do it, we can do it all.
@25:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We will do everything, yeah. They do a few things well.
@26:00 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, because it's like runny borders. The borders aren't defined. I lost my train of thought, but there was something else I was getting at.
Oh, so I'll never bash them, but I would say this edgy thing where I say, hey, and it's educational, actually, for them to hear.
CLMs are really good at intake, at workflow, generating, at approval, at routing. That's a lot, and that's important. That's a train station.
Get it all going, and it's a hub when it lands in the train station in the end, but that's it.
And the border, and intelligence can begin, and that's where we excel. And why can't CLMs build this? What we have solved is a very difficult computer science problem.
Sure, technically they can, but to take a team of... Engineers and leadership and point it at that and the depth of that.
When they have the breadth of this to continue to improve for thousands of customers, that and that don't always fit.
It's hard to prioritize all of that. And then sidebar between you and I, I don't know if this is like for the strategy, but some of these CLMs now have to AI innovate over here in pre-signature and all those things that they're good at.
Because the AI incumbents over that part of the life cycle are going to eat their lunch. And what I'm observing is they're choosing to innovate here because they're good at those things.
So they're trying to get the native AI in there or acquire those companies. And repository, unfortunately, is an afterthought because of literally where it sits in the life cycle from a legal doc point of view.
So repository is an afterthought. For us, repository is the beast. beginning of the data, of the data-ification. So also, like, point of view on this is so different.
@28:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Are there other parallels of legal tech that CLMs can't do well? So I think maybe that's, like, a potentially good way or analogy to explain to people.
It's like, there are some cases where specialized or point solutions are better than one-for-all. And here's an example of it.
Are there any ones that come to mind?
@28:43 - Jenn McCarron
In legal tech or just generically? I think maybe specifically legal tech.
@28:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So it's like, because people want, like, one-for-all solutions, maybe there is a... It's a specific tool that everyone uses.
It's because they need it outside of CLMs. And so we could communicate the same value prop.
@29:06 - Jenn McCarron
You know, when it comes to e-billing and matter management, that's a pretty true and true point solution. That's a good point solution that handles that part of legal outside counsel, billing engagement, etc., payments authorizing.
And, and, and, and like, I think a good analogy to draw to could be, and what do you think of this?
Like, I never thought that these tech, any tech solution should have reporting in it because reporting can be done best by business intelligence tools, data visualization tools, like Tableau for data scientists, like Domo or the Microsoft version or whatever you'd build.
@29:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@30:00 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, Google Analytics or Google – and when people come to us or like a software company and go, I want reporting that looks like that, I'm like, no, because why would I spend my few engineering resources building what's already in the market?
There's a point solution that does that really well, and I believe the more apps can be like a point solution and have its product identity that it does 1.2 things well, the better, because it'll do those things really well.
And I always like this great quote by the famous American inventor, Orville Redenbacher, the popcorn inventor. It's written on a statue in his hometown.
It says, do one thing and do it really well, and I believe that stands for product management. So e-billing is a great example.
IP management has a – It's own thing. A lot of e-discovery tools were one thing, but as the software market blooms and grows over years and years, these players start gobbling up the others and trying to build the platform for all.
And it's a business thing, but it doesn't work super well.
@31:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Very interesting. Very interesting. Contract stack. Oh, yeah. I went through these people that you referred. Like, a lot of them are really great.
Like, Oz, Benamron. Yeah, so you have Doxin. Yeah, obviously, Ivo, Cecilia. Like, I think, so what I've done is, I'll show you at the latest stage.
I've created, like, an engagement list. So at the moment, it's just a Google sheet. So on a daily slash weekly basis, you could probably go through those profiles.
See if there's, like, any interesting things that you could comment on. think commenting. It's actually quite good because you get kind of eyeballs to their audience.
So it doesn't have to be like, oh, I need to do this again. It could just be like, oh, what is in the market?
Like, what are people talking about? So I'm sure you're already doing it. I'm used to doing that. Yeah, awesome.
Cool, cool. Another one. So what are the core concepts, beliefs, word views that people need to understand before your solution clicks for them?
So I think this is more around when you sell it to someone. Like, when is that moment where they're like, oh, this is why you exist.
Or, oh, like, I get what you do now. Is it that thing, that wow moment that we mentioned where it's like translating it to data and they see the potential of it?
@32:44 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I have two wow moments I'm observing over and over. When they see the first, for the first time, what we call our contract details view, where they see all the data.
The datification of everything in the contract tagged. Here's this risk. Here's this term. Here's this end date, counterparty, tag, parent-child relationship.
On a big contract, that could be a data list of 75 things. And when I tell them, I go, see this?
Our agent, our technology, read the contract, analyzed it, and it took two minutes to tag that. And I say to them, when I implemented CLM at Netflix, that took us two years to get to.
And a team, and a lot of money, and a lot of resources, lot of imperfect tagging. Two minutes a contract.
And it finds the top 100 to 110 legal terms of this planet. It's an LLM. It finds them and tags them with a high degree of accuracy.
And that's a wow. Because we've all died in the manual. And then the second wow is, oh, do you have something unique?
Speak to your business like a project code or incoterms or some legal term it didn't find or business term but you need it turned into data.
Easy. For free, as part of the platform licensure, create a custom attribute. Simple definition. Incoterms are about distributing goods across the globe.
Save. The tech goes and reanalyzes the contract and goes in terms of distribution around the globe, incoterms, and it tags them.
And then the tech goes back through your entire repository of 100,000 agreements. And the AI is smart enough to go find incoterms.
They're like game change. And then I'll say the third wow is like the search I described earlier. When they can say, show me what I need to know about hyper care inside the vendor contract with vendor Acme.
I need to know that. And it comes back. In 20 seconds with an analysis, a summary, the term, a table, link to the contract.
Wow.
@35:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is there, are there moments or things that they need to believe before showing them the product? Because I think once they see the product, then that's the wow moment.
But then what about before where you're trying to explain the problem that you're trying to solve? Like, are there any phrases or sentences that you use where they're like, oh, I kind of get what you do now.
And can I see the product now? Kind of thing. Because the hardest part of destroying the product.
@35:40 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so many of them are coming in on that second point I was making where it's either AI strategy needs to be solved by them or the CLM is not delivering the search results.
They can't find anything. They're not using and engaging that platform because it doesn't return results. So because they're coming in with a negative state of outcome on a product, we can speak to the positive state.
We can say the reverse. We can find that. We can find the end date. We can table it up.
You can scour not only all your contracts in a CLM, but in a folder, but in a box.com account, but in a bit.
And so there's some of like the reversing or positively negating their current state. And then some things they do need to hear.
They need to hear. Sometimes they need to hear how the AI works because AI products of the last three to five years, five to six years, work if and only if they train on your data and you spend a lot of time training it and you teach an algorithm and then maybe.
@37:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Maybe it'll give you what you want.
@37:01 - Jenn McCarron
So there's all this conditionality. So they need to hear that it works now in two minutes and doesn't train on your data in order to be successful.
There are not conditions. And that's a very new paradigm for AI solutions.
@37:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Maybe also something we could touch on at a later stage is how to calculate ROI of AI. Because I think people are using AI for the sake of AI, or they might not have a tangible outcome once they implement it.
So it's like, if they're spending so much money, then what are they getting? What is the result? And then if they don't solve this problem with AI, how much is it costing them?
Because I'm assuming they don't have a tangible figure of what is, how much this problem that they're not solving is costing.
They don't.
@37:54 - Jenn McCarron
And you know, GCAI has invented on their website and in their marketing, an ROI. ROI Calculator, where they're putting productivity numbers.
And yeah, it's a great idea, and I'm willing to do that. All I've done my whole career is that ROI math to sell these solutions internally.
And it starts a little bit with productivity savings, search and find savings, sure. And then we can start to get towards revenue leakage and start to show the faster these things turn to data and are in the system and monitored and accounted for and sending data into workflows, the faster the company can account cleanly, accurately.
And there's actual revenue leakage there. But it's tricky. Who cares about revenue leakage? Does legal really care about revenue leakage?
Are they measured on that success? They're not. Good. The few good ones, leaders will. But will they really go, oh, we're going to save the company 3% in revenue leakage?
Let's do this. They care about their own teams getting work done faster. They care about more deals. They care about faster deal times.
Actually, that's it for the legal ICP. For the finance ICP, revenue leakage is so obvious. For legal ICP, faster deal times is a huge, huge thing.
And we can deliver that because we're turning precedent, executed precedent into data in real time when this hits. And executed precedent or the data of all their contracts fed back to them while they're drafting.
Playbooking is what our huge new feature is that we keep expanding on. That can change to how a deal flows because you start to normalize your deals and work off rule books.
And you're drawing up the rule playbook or the rule book from what was done, what was actually executed. And you have this intelligence tool to scan and span everything done and statistically read it and go, this clause.
We're going to make an amalgamation of these five clauses. That's speed and normalization of a contract, beginning of a contract.
@40:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I remember, I think earlier in this doc, one of the blockers to implementing something like this is finance and procurement.
so I think maybe later, Cedric, you also touch on how they could sell it internally. So that could be like a technical playbook of here's what the ROI could look like, or here's things that you should consider, and what you should talk to your finance leader about.
Because that would be a big block of studios for us.
@40:42 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, and in fact, we're going in for next meetings with our potential customer, Blackstone, tomorrow. And she just did, our head of sourcing, our leader there, who's bringing us in to pilot, just did a huge presentation to like the head of machine.
Team Learning, the head of data science, the COO of Blackstone. And it was a big meeting and it passed.
And so we're going in to now meet the execs and just do the next slides. It's huge.
@41:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's such a huge momentum. Thank you.
@41:15 - Jenn McCarron
And I want to know, like, I want to mine her at the point in time where I can talk to her about that and say, what were the levers?
What clicked, like, specifically for procurement sourcing people like you? I know the moment where I saw transparency, contract visibility, numbers, value of contracts come up from our platform.
Because our platform, as this pilot we showed her, it connected to her portfolio of companies beneath and all their contracts.
And when she saw the ability to aggregate contracts. contracts. Data from five different companies under the Blackstone hood and go, give me one unified pricing analysis for some software they buy across the portfolio.
Now she's getting intelligence on how to procure more software with all the leverage they have as a company. So what are they going to get?
They're going to save money. It's savings in their procurement cycle themselves. So I'm just teasing that out. But one day soon I will get even more of that from her.
Like what did the C-suite care about?
@42:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yes, that would be super powerful. And then you could add it to your like sales playbooks, things to prepare for those meetings as well.
Common beliefs in your industry that you passionately disagree about. So are these certain things that people kind of assume that you don't like?
So for example, does... Do most people not like contract tick, as an example?
@43:03 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, there's a bad rap, especially for CLM implementations. Sometimes those big industry conferences, the trade groups like I've been going to for years and working for, sometimes people joke that those are just like grief gatherings for people stuck in a CLM implementation.
So specifically CLM implementations suck and then they go live and there's like, you do all this hard work for years and there's an underwhelming response from the business when you go live.
And I wrote a little bit about that somewhere. Oh, I'm going on Lucy's webinar thing in two Fridays from now.
We're doing like a live stream for 30 minutes on, she's like, she's in my list of people. She was an in-house or like me, but a lawyer, but contracts tech focused, started a consultancy.
I put up a post, like, you ever notice when you implement CLM, it's really hard, and then day one, nobody cares?
That's a common behavior set, belief. Yeah.
@44:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Interesting. What about the legal lawyers that are all difficult, don't want to innovate, resistance to change? Is that a fact?
Or is that something people already assume? It's not a fact.
@44:29 - Jenn McCarron
It's not a fact. There is a set of behaviors that, as a cohort of people that are both lawyers and the lawyers of certain age groups, when you combine those together, they're slower to innovate because the lawyers that are in leadership positions now, when they started their career, they were barely on email.
Barely. If that.
@44:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Email. If
@45:00 - Jenn McCarron
Email was the first big revolution because it's a window where you could just put all the text and the language and the contract and it's privileged and you just send it like they love email and it worked really well to accelerate their work product and everything.
In fact, I was just with CAA in Los Angeles, potential customer, and I said, how do you guys draft?
And the guy said to me, email. So they loved that because it's a simple text edit window. I think they're all capable of change.
Look, they're all in the working world. They all picked up G Suite and Outlook and all these productivity tools and they'll do the workflows of the companies.
Now they use note taker notes and they figured out Zoom. They're literally capable of change. And anyone is capable of change when your leadership forces it or else your, you know, job is on the line.
Like you're. You're. You're. Measured by the success of how much you innovate. As an institution and an industry, they just haven't been pressured to innovate hardcore for survival.
So it's slower to change. I would not say they're difficult. It's a slower innovation pace of change. And you have to know how to get in there and understand them, where they are, and how to bring them forward this much.
And what happens is legal ops, legal tech people, they go in, they meet the lawyer where they are, and then they try to get them all the way here.
Whereas you have to get them, like, here. And people don't understand the psychology. You do very well. The psychology of behavior of change and how people move forward.
I understand that really well. So I'll just stay here for three years with them and get them going into whatever I can hub and spoke off of that.
And I've seen them all move forward if you meet them where they are. so, yeah, that's the kind of Catch-22.
@47:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, do people view, like, how do you describe, like, Jenn as a brand? Like, are you seen as a, like, inspirational person, motivational, authoritative?
Like, what is the few adjectives that you think other people describe you as? Um, I get confident a lot.
@47:26 - Jenn McCarron
I get inspiring. I've heard motivational when I, when I speak in that way, when I'm addressing, like, the future, the unknown, hope, what you can do, limitless possibilities.
I take a limitless possibilities point of view a lot in what I write and, and, and how I solve with tech and how I create as an artist.
I see everything as blank canvas or negative space. And, like, I'm the kind of mind and person you. can put me into those situations, and I can see what others can't.
And because I'm articulate, and I like to share, and teach, and give, and serve that out to others, I really like sharing the info.
That's why I podcast it. That's why I do LinkedIn. I like figuring it out, and then going, hey, here.
I mean, that's what I'm doing on YouTube right now, and it does really well. So I think many get that I am a source of knowledge and information, and that I'm willing, I'm generous, I'm willing to give it, to teach it, to spend the time, to pass it forward, pay it forward, pass it along.
@48:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, because I think that kind of voice would do really well when we're trying to be that forward-thinking, maybe it's like the future of legal ops that we kind of showcase, or the AI and legal tech.
People have always said they know that I know the future, and I really am. A futurist person.
@49:01 - Jenn McCarron
I dream. have imagination. I can see those things. And I've always said this to people. People ask me what I think my secret weapon is or skill, my most awesome skill.
And I say I can draw anything. And a lot of people can't draw. I can both literally draw and then figuratively with my mind draw.
And I know how to speak what I can see. So this could be the pen or this is the pen or I do it on slides or I made the video.
Like I know how to draw the concept and teach and explain. Or if you could put something in an educational video, you could like do anything.
@49:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Instructional, didactic.
@49:46 - Jenn McCarron
So yeah, we should capitalize on that.
@49:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely. A few last questions. Legal Ops. Are there... Is of, I don't know, people saying bad things about legal ops?
Yes, there's an underside. There is. There's an absolute underside.
@50:10 - Jenn McCarron
It's a newer industry that really came up in the last five to seven years. When I started that work, it didn't even have a name, legal ops.
It was just like a person doing tech stuff in legal department and this person can get anything done. So it's very new, very newly founded.
That clock organization I've been a part of for years and helping grow to, maybe it has like 5,000 global members, maybe 3,000 of them are in-house corporates.
The membership has been doubling year over year with paralegals converting into legal ops, paralegals hitting their ceiling because that's a job.
And going, oh, well, there's this legal ops thing and it involves tech and it's cool and it's innovative. And then I'll be the one of one and they'll trust me and give me budget and I'll finally break free from paralegal.
Work. And my objective observation is maybe one in 20 make and can really do the work well of legal ops.
Most can't. Paralegal skill does not train you mostly at all for any of that. I believe IT chops, tech program management, program management, generic project management, stakeholder management across an enterprise, that generic spreadsheet-y work, Six Sigma, those kinds of skills, that was my base and made me kind of this universal player and I plugged it into legal.
Sure, I had to learn contracts and lawyers and they'll know that. They'll know that best. But legal ops is way more than contracts.
It's many things. It's a multitude, multidisciplinary, budgeting, e-billing. It's so many. Tech. So any project, they just throw at you.
You have to know how to do it. So a lot of those folks are failing. There's all this LinkedIn noise in the industry.
LegalOps, it's a thing. Clock is so well branded and bright and cool looking now. And then people are like, I love LegalOps.
They're going to save us in the legal department. And then this paralegal ops manager comes in and they can't do it.
They can't implement a CLM because it's very complex and needs a certain kind of skill set. And many this year are realizing it.
And I've been writing about this, that the legal ops jobs I see right now all are requiring tech chops of like 10 years implementing tech.
I'm saying, finally, you guys are getting it through a big fail cycle. A lot of people lost their jobs, a lot of legal departments trimmed, et cetera.
So yeah, there's definitely hit and miss. And if you talk to legal departments, one and two are like, mm-mm, on legal ops.
And I really understand that reality. I've tried to manage those people. As they come to me when I was the one at Netflix, they're like, I'm going to come work for you.
I'm like, you have no skill for me.
@53:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Does that mean that you, are you an advocate of legal ops as a profession in the future? Or do you think it shouldn't exist?
Or do you think it's like a must-have, but just people are lagging to build the skills required for the role?
What's your take?
@53:24 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, personally, philosophically, I struggle with the whole purpose of the thing I helped invent because legal leadership is not measured by the success of their legal ops solutions, programs, speed of business, faster deal times.
Some are. And then they know they have to put a really technical person in. And then they're like, this person's my right hand and a real strategic partner.
Some get it. And I believe in those roles where they get it. And they put the position in the right level and scope, and they find the right person.
It's just, it's hard to get all of that right. And leadership that gets it at a business level, not at a legal level.
So I believe in it, but the masses, like the predominance right now of the roles are like, they're not all landing in the legal departments.
And that's valid data. That's valid. It's happening because there's a skill gap with the people converting in en masse.
But there are some really great leaders out there who have a JD who are technical, who love the ops problem solving thing, and can do the corporate people wrangling.
And fundamentally, I believe in it. I just think it needs more time and more years to keep penetrating and permeating every legal department and every legal leader.
And in time, there'll be a generational shift in minds. of the legal leaders of every legal department, where they'll never have known a world without generative AI, drafting, pamphlet tools, etc.
And they'll demand a higher bar of tech and automation and digital digitization data. But with this cohort of current leaders, it's mixed.
So we need time to kind of pass. And we just keep pushing uphill, but I tell people when I mentor them, expect to be fired, expect to hit a ceiling at three years, do the best you can, have a consultant mindset, have your own end date in mind, because you're here to transform to the next phase.
And they'll get some of it, and some of it just won't land. This tech is so new. Zoom out.
Don't take it so seriously if you get pushed out. It's good. You went in, you did three years of awesome work.
Okay, the CLM is not great. You still move them from zero to a new one. So yeah, it's tough.
It's an uphill job. But I think fundamentally on paper, I believe in it.
@56:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The reason why I ask is because I'm trying to figure out whether you want to push for this legal ops movement, essentially.
It's like you advocate for the role, but then you know that it's not here yet, but you believe that this is the future.
Yeah, I want to. I want to.
@56:25 - Jenn McCarron
I think there's continuity in the story of me, my career, my service to the trade group, the growth of the trade group.
The trade group provides a big tent event and gathering of people that actually are my pipeline is that trade group's membership.
And I believe in it, and I believe it still needs leaders like me to help pull the industry forward and define the roles.
But to me, like the role you designed last year isn't going to solve this year's problems. It's every. It's
Everything is changing and always so fast. so what you're getting from me now is my, I'm very in touch with the death of the old because I'm a futurist.
I'm always like, can't work that way anymore. And I like that. I like things ending and having to innovate, but a lot of people don't.
And it makes them uncomfortable and they want to lock in and move slow and they want the job forever and they want senior director.
And I'm like, this isn't there yet. It's not working that way. It's a bumpy ride. I'd enjoy it rather than be thrashing from it.
So I believe I'm still the one, but I don't hold on to the old ideas of legal ops. I'm very willing to shred what's under the hood with legal ops.
And I have my own definition of what the role is. And that's not what the industry touts. The industry is like, you do 15 things.
@57:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay.
@57:52 - Jenn McCarron
And I've been like, we need to do three things and nothing else. And tech needs to be number one.
And I'll. Say bold things like forget budgeting.
@58:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's an opinion.
@58:03 - Jenn McCarron
It's important, etc. But like I believe in it, but I believe it constantly has to be narrowed and redefined with the actual real data.
Okay, okay.
@58:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you have a meeting to jump into? Yeah, in like two minutes, yeah. Okay. I do have a few questions.
Maybe like last few, maybe I can send them through to you in Slack. I also need to get access to your LinkedIn account.
If you do have a password manager, just if you want to take more for security purposes, like, it would be great.
Yeah, I'm just going to give you my credentials over, what's it called? Okay. Over Slack. Slack. Okay. I think there might be like a authentication code potentially once I log in.
So once I do, I'll need you to confirm that.
@58:56 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, yeah, because I have, I might have dual auth on. Thank Bye. Do I need to turn that off?
Oh, no, no.
@59:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think if you can turn it off, that would be great. Yeah, yeah. We could totally simplify it.
@59:14 - Jenn McCarron
No, I'm totally fine with that.
@59:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
My password's like hard enough.
@59:26 - Jenn McCarron
Great. just pinged you that, and then I'm actually trying to...
@59:31 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay. That is a scary... Yeah, sorry about that. I use a password manager, so I'm always... Security. Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. Okay, cool.
@59:46 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I'm taking a look into my passwording, so I can make that easier for you. I can't sign in and security.
@59:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's my email. sent through a code. I just sent through a verification code, if you can send that to me.
I think it should be in your email.
@1:00:14 - Jenn McCarron
529-856.
@1:00:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, awesome. I'm in.
@1:00:27 - Jenn McCarron
I do not have to factor on.
@1:00:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. So this should be like a one-off thing. Like, usually any new location that can get signed in may require the verification code, but I think once I'm in, I should be in.
Awesome, great. Cool. I'll send through the last few questions, and yeah, good luck with your meeting. Hopefully it goes well.
Great, great.
@1:00:54 - Jenn McCarron
So when should we meet again? What do you need for me next after this? Yeah.
@1:01:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I would say the next one would be the first content interview. So you mentioned that you could do 10 a.m.
ET time, I believe. Are there any specific days that work well for you? Like either this week or early next week?
Because I know that you're applying.
@1:01:18 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, this week, the 10 a.m.s.
@1:01:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We could do like early next week and then, so ideally like a slot we kind of have on a recurring basis.
So that's just like our content interview slot. So maybe if just for this week, we could, or next week, we could have like a flexible time and then moving on forward, we have a more set date.
Great.
@1:01:44 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, how about Tuesday of next week, Tuesday 10 a.m.
@1:01:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Works for me. Okay. Yeah, let's do that. I'll send you the info. you'll calendar it?
@1:01:58 - Jenn McCarron
Yep.
@1:01:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yep. I'll calendar it.
@1:02:00 - Jenn McCarron
Wonderful. All right, great. Thank you so much, Osman. We'll speak very soon. Yeah, chat to you soon.
@1:02:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, take care. Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Week 2 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 50 mins (No highlights)
@0:01 - Jenn McCarron
Check one, two. Yeah, was better.
@0:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Okay, cool. Yeah. Thankfully. Hopefully this is okay. How's your week? Good. It's great. So far, so good.
@0:18 - Jenn McCarron
Busy, and it's only Tuesday. It's like slammed. It's great. How's yours?
@0:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice. Good problems to have. Yeah.
@0:32 - Jenn McCarron
We're still on a mega delay, and I don't know if this is going to work. This is a five-second delay for you to get my audio across the world.
It's very annoying.
@0:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Richard, I don't like it. I can hear you, but I think, yeah, this is my Wi-Fi is like 30, 32 up, and then, yeah, 32 Mbps download speed, 6.4, seems okay.
@1:22 - Jenn McCarron
You're getting 32 megabytes per second up and down?
@1:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Dude, that's not good.
@1:32 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, it's like fine, but like, what's your ping? Do you know your ping, your millisecond delay?
@1:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Let me see. Let me see. I've actually never tested it. Speed. Speedtest.net.
@2:00 - Jenn McCarron
Speedtest.net tells you all of the above. But that's like, if I get that in a hotel, it's unacceptable to me and I freak out.
So just so you know, it's not enough for heavy-duty video audio over this or Riverside.
@2:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. If it's threatened at all or choked by it, we're going to run into problems.
@2:23 - Jenn McCarron
As a comparison, I am 736 megabits up per second, and I am down, no, I'm 330 up, 760 down.
I have a terabyte of internet, so this is not me. I'm feeding the internet, like, straight into the veins.
Wow.
@2:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I'm not messing around. I'm not messing around.
@2:47 - Jenn McCarron
Okay.
ACTION ITEM: Fix Wi-Fi; run speedtest; share results w/ Jenn; schedule 2nd session if needed - WATCH
@2:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I've never had that in my life. I've, okay, that is a new level set for me. Okay. Maybe if this is...
It's proved to be troubling. Are you okay moving this tomorrow or something? I'll try to go to the, yeah, internet, Wi-Fi speed, whatever, try to fix this Wi-Fi.
Unless, yeah, this.
@3:18 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, what do we have scheduled? Another 20 minutes?
@3:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@3:25 - Jenn McCarron
All right, let's do 20 minutes worth, or if you could go a few over. Let's see what we can get in, and then let's see if you want to grab a second session tomorrow.
@3:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah, sounds good. Cool, to get started, any new insights or interesting stories you'd like to share before we get started?
@3:49 - Jenn McCarron
What are the new insights? Yeah, there's always a new new insight. My first. First insight is that I cannot log into my own Gmail.
This is like one of these days. My CTO put like the most restrictive security policy on three people working.
Hang on one second. I'm just going to pop back up my LinkedIn. So first of all, I love the posts.
That you wrote and I love the length and I'm not usually writing to that length. So it was cool to try something new and see how people responded.
And it's very storyteller narrative driven. And as you may have seen, like in one day that post got 4,000 impressions.
That's pretty good for a long story. So here's an insight. People want the story. Here's an insight. The use case we described in the story is useful, it's compelling, according to Sheila.
She's a major legal ops person in Europe. So I love that. And I love that. We kind of stamped what took years now takes days.
And it's true. And people don't know that yet uniformly across generative AI capability. That's a big insight. Number two, the Bloomberg Law article of Anthropoc coming in and doing a legal tech product.
And the market going like this shows some of the fragility of all of this or it's not fragile, but it's like elastic, elasticity that everyone gets very nervous when there's like one of the big players does something all.
us small players are doing, and I tried to take a very positive, though this is a validation, everybody, approach in that article.
And then the final insight I'm having is that a new UI UX is really difficult, and I'm having a hard time launching the new UI UX.
I do not feel like I have the right sets of people working on it. We wouldn't ever put any of that in print, but it takes a lot of iteration of the designer, the engineers, and me, and I'm frustrated because it's not rolling out fast enough.
@6:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, this is interesting. Regarding the Anthropric and the legal plug-in, yeah, I was reading a bunch of news articles relating to
I'm keen to hear your take on it, like in terms of legal tech kind of consolidating or maybe like affecting the stocks of legal tech companies.
Was this something like, were you surprised by this or do you think this was inevitable and yeah, like this is just how things go with technology?
Like, yeah, what's your take on this?
@7:26 - Jenn McCarron
I was not surprised by the market reaction to Anthropic launching Claude Cowork. This is how markets react. They are cautious at first and protective.
So markets are very emotional and they'll pull it back. And that's what happened. A lot of like valuation and legal tech stock and worth just like pulled back a little bit.
And those are called corrections. And if you studied economics and finance, you No, that these happen in cycles. It's almost like the human behavior curve leveling things out.
So no, I'm not surprised by it because I know how markets work over time. I drew all those graphs in college for my whole major, but other people don't look at the markets as graphs and charts.
They might be surprised by it, but the word on the street in all of our legal tech circles, at all the discussions and forums I go to and hang out with all my peers, we're all saying, when's this bubble going to level out?
It's definitely hype and bubble. So I thought it was actually a great equalizer moment to pierce the bubble, pierce the overhype and inflation and level it off.
It will all even out again. It already is starting to. So I have confidence also in the longer run of a market.
And I like these leveling moments because we're all on the same playing field again. again. So And objectively, Anthropic just gave a bunch of us a big signal on what's important and what could be used, GAI can be used for in a legal context.
It just so happens what they did is exactly what Contracts AI can do plus more at scale. Anthropic cannot do plus more and at scale.
We can. So for them to validate our microeconomic unit of value in the product, I'm so pumped. I'm so pumped.
I'm optimistic. I can see the future even clearer now. So yeah, there's my answer. Not surprised. There's been a hype, talk of hype and when does it level off and how.
And this is part of the equalizing process, our market reactions. You know, when the Netflix acquisition of Warner first clicked to go through and...
Warner, like, accepted the bid. The Netflix stock tanked. It's been doing extraordinarily well. I have a, I'm like a Netflix person, investor, former employee, et cetera.
And we all were aghast at like, oh my God, and there goes a lot of value. And why would that be?
It's actually an, it's an awesome thing. Netflix will now have the movies of Warner and HBO. That's what it wants.
Now you're all in one place for this huge juggernaut to go even more juggernaut. But the markets got nervous because they're like, I don't know.
And it's a fair skepticism because it could fail. So this is just part and parcel of what happens with big unprecedented moves.
The market's correct and they pull back.
@10:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
When you mentioned leveling off or equalizing, like, what does that I mean, like tangibly. Yeah, yeah.
@11:04 - Jenn McCarron
So equalizing, like, especially as someone who's played, like, produced music and done sound design for years, you know, there's, if this is all, like, a sound in the spectrum of sound, what's been going on with generative AI and the unicorn legal tech AI startups, and because LLMs and legal work product are, like, made for one another.
Words, language creation. If this is the graph, the EQ is really high, so it's really high lows and high mids and harsh highs, and it's just loud and dense and so much going on and high valuations, and sometimes you're like, whoa, what are they worth?
What are they valuated at? That's a lot of money for generating a document with AI. What? It's so top.
It's like peaking is the term we use at all. Like sound levels. And it's when stuff is peaking or exceeding the peak, you kind of go, oh, the human reaction is like, ah, harsh, or my ears can't take it, or my mind can't take it.
Leveling off means you pull some of those high points down towards the middle and smooth it out. And it means, it literally means valuations could come down 20% in a day.
If someone came out weeks ago and their company's valuated at $500 million in that market moment, great. It could turn out that when the market pulls back financially and they trade off, sell off a bunch of big legal tech stock, it could mean your company could be worth $400 million today.
Just because of how markets level things out. They pull those highs down and have more of a midline through everything.
So I liken it to sound. Equalizing is like leveling off sound. It's smooth. They might pull back so much that some of the lows might go super low and like they're down here again.
We might be below the midline if it was that much of a differential in market valuation changing.
@13:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think there were certain legal categories in legal tech that were overhyped and then this kind of pullback is kind of getting rid of that?
Like maybe certain, I don't know, not Cielians, but other players. Yes.
@13:39 - Jenn McCarron
So there's certain legal tech and information and info tech companies that are big and public and kind of like if you created an index of legal tech companies, they're like the ones who IPO'd first or were big companies like Thomson Reuters, huge company.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Press, media, have a tech wing, they have a this wing, they have an anything you want wing.
You want to get a coffee? Thomson Reuters will make it for you. They split once and then the tech company became more of a holistic thing.
they were impacted. LexisNexis was impacted in valuation. And so those are companies that, they called it the Claude Crash, Walters Kluwer.
These are, by now, I can almost call them your legacy legal tech companies. They were really a part of the initial generation of legal tech products and information via tech products like Lexis.
LexisNexis, that's a research tool. That's going to have a lot, all of these are going to have AI bells and whistles all built in.
Walters Kluwer has a few tech products for the legal tech space, in-house law firm. They all took a hit.
And those are various tech. It's information research. Thompson has e-billing matter management, couple of litigation tech products. It's like cross-portfolio.
Wolters Kluwer, the same. Different types of research, spend management, and I don't even know Wolters Kluwer's products. We won't put this in writing.
The company is so old and legacy that even whenever I would talk to them at an event, I'd be like, oh, God, what am I looking at?
What is this 2006 piece of software? So, yeah, they took a hit, but I don't say that. I say it to be funny, and, like, that stuff would never work when I worked at a Netflix or Spotify, but they're important companies.
There are, like if I were creating an index of the Legal Tech 100, they're very important indicators of what is and isn't in our industry.
Yeah. The Clyde.
@16:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So, is your opinion that these incumbents or these older legacy players will eventually become replaced?
@16:12 - Jenn McCarron
Yes, like, generically, they will and they won't. If you zoom, like, so far out over the top of the history of businesses, everything will be replaced in 100 years.
Sure. Jeff Bezos even says, Amazon will one day be obsolete. Like, he thinks in the broad spectrum of time, from, like, when the comet hit Earth to now to another 10,000 years.
So, yes, everything could die. But I would never want to say in an article, everything will die. But legacy companies have to innovate.
They have to do things that are big and uncomfortable in order to stay relevant. And that's innovative. Innovating how they run their internal processes, whom they hire, how they hire, how they increase the speed of business, and who they or how they innovate, hire, or increase the speed via acquisition of up-and-comer companies, startups who are solving in one space really well.
So I think, I'm just going to take a guess, like half of these will continue to innovate enough to serve their customers new and newer features.
and some won't get the memo, or they'll bet on the wrong horse, and they won't innovate fast enough, and some incumbent will come in, or Harvey or Legora will do it better, and VC money for one of these unicorns will just outshine and out-noise them, and you're like two bad quarters away from death.
Every business is, I believe that, so it's, uh, yeah, some will fail, some will And most will stay in the middle.
Most will live on in the middle, I think. There's a lot of room in the middle for the market to continue.
But middle's not good. Middle's not good for Wall Street, is the thing. I'm talking about the public companies now, the bigger legacy ones.
They have Wall Street numbers to manage. Those are like your boss. You have to show up with numbers. have to hit those numbers.
So that's hard. Middle's hard. But they'll live on for a while.
@18:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm. How should directors or VPs of legal ops think about the...
@18:51 - Jenn McCarron
You cut out. Say that again.
@18:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How should directors or VPs... Of like legal, legal ops, think about the legal tech stack in 2026.
@19:06 - Jenn McCarron
How should legal directors, tech ops folks in-house think about the legal tech stack in 2026 in light of all of this?
@19:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@19:20 - Jenn McCarron
Hold on to your current tech stack. Those were all good decisions. Nothing is rip and replace right now. Everything is iterative.
And the new thinking that they should think about is you should layer on other AI, SaaS, legal tech tools that do the one thing better.
You should explore that space and do a test and do a pilot and see how you can extend value of your current tech stack.
within Look at that AI-focused solution. All of your current tech stack providers will be adding lots of AI features inside.
Great. Stay tuned to those new features and how they work, and you might just move through your workflow faster.
Great. But there will still be big holes after where that technology promised to solve and ends. There's still going to be a manual gap, and then another tech picks up.
Be explorative. Be curious. And what's tough here, Osman, is I hear this a lot from customers. They're winded by the money they spent on CLM, how hard it was and long it was to put in, and then it's live, and it's not quite hitting with an impact that is equal in boom to that and that.
What? So there's a, whoa, it's hard. Whoa, there's like big prices. We're a little legal department with no budget.
Legal doesn't have budget. Okay, we'll spend this much and then day one of go live. It's not there. And lawyers aren't going, this is great.
They're jaded by that asymmetry. And so they have to not give up the fight or shut down, but expand their thinking to go, okay, more needs to happen here.
What is that? And it's okay if it's not that app that you worked on for years through curiosity, innovation, exploring pilots with newer players in the space who are so excited to link the tech to these foundational ones you put in.
So we're going to help extend the value of the workflow, which will make this one make more sense. So like open your mind is what you have to do a little bit and be a little more innovative.
And I hate to say it and we won't like say. I it directly as brash in the comments, but I mean in the writing we do.
But legal departments are not innovators. They just got talked into this big budget and sold some big vision by the legal ops person.
So the legal ops person has to keep pushing and experimenting and exploring and looking at all the products on the market and doing small tests or pilots.
Because through that noise you will find some signals, something that can work to extend the workflow. And then you'll have to convince your leadership to go for it.
But luckily, products like mine, products like these other AI players in this space, we're small startups. We're priced to add-on.
We're not priced to wreck a budget. So you can play with not a lot of like earth-shattering budget.
@22:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So what I'm hearing is that like the CLM is like the big It's that took most of the budget, but then it doesn't solve all of the problems.
so are you saying that be more explorative, be curious to figure out tools that could fix the problems that CLMs currently have?
Yeah, yeah.
@23:17 - Jenn McCarron
CLM is a foundational technology for the enterprise, period. And it goes in around legal for now, but it's for all at the company to come and find what they need as a storage locker.
And they're not going to go away. It's not that people love to write those articles like CLM is dead.
It's actually not at all. It's an important gathering place that we all rallied around for almost 10 years. But they don't do post-signature into the enterprise really well.
They do from the enterprise into legal really well and have a lot of features. There's pre-sig, and a lot of companies create all of these intake and workflows, and that's working.
That's like getting all the trains running visibly, transparently. Helpful. Measure how many contracts come through. Helpful. But once that hits the repository, it's a thud, and it reverberates and doesn't do much after that in the form of data moving into the downstream enterprise.
And what CLMs did, because they were first in the space of this big workflow, is they over-claimed. They said, we can do everything all the way, posting.
We're everything. We're the whole life cycle. They took that word, and they're like, literally, we are the life cycle.
We're naming ourselves that. And legal are words. So they're literally going to take that to the bank and be like, you told me.
They're going to litigate. They're going to go, you told me life cycle. That should be an article. You promised me, you promised us jetpacks.
That's like some famous quote from some. We were promised jetpacks. We were promised search post-signature that integrated into finance workloads, etc.
They didn't fully deliver there at the depth that we are because we're a startup. We're more nimble. We're focused on one problem, one feature set.
They've solved really well before there, and they should triple the F down on what they solved well and partner with people like us.
I just had an amazing convo yesterday with a pre-sig provider. They're called Doc Juris, and nothing to write about because it's a private meeting, but we're potentially sharing a customer in one of my upcoming pilots.
And they looked at what we did, and they went, we're trying to do this in a very hacked way.
At single contract at a time, we use Claude tag, shove it into SharePoint. It's clunky. They're like, it's clunky.
They're like, why don't we just use you? And I said, let's partner, white label us, put us in your platform.
I don't care if they don't know it's us. Who cares? If the customer finds value in a combo of our two technologies, pre and post-sig, who cares what we're called?
Give them a value. And these guys are lit up to partner with us and extend and maximize the surface area of that life cycle into the enterprise.
And that's how we should be thinking. Openness, collaboration, partnership across the ecosystem, partnership between your in-house people and your startup vendor people, partnership between vendors to combine offerings.
That's who's going to win here.
@26:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is the narrative CLMs are dead, is that a common thing that people are saying? Or the media. People Or People
@27:00 - Jenn McCarron
I won't say they're saying it, but I will say they're asking it. So right now it's in question form, not answer form.
It's being asked a lot in media, headlines, podcasts, blogs. It's like the, as they say in America, it's from like a game show from the 80s or 70s.
It's the $64,000 question. And when it gets asked, it's like, and people want to say it's dead because it's a juggernaut.
If you want a catchy headline where you get engagement, it's a juggernaut question. CLM is a juggernaut of investment and rollout and valuation of the last one.
So it's a big question and they want to take down the big thing. So yes, it is being asked, discussed, debated, written about a lot right now.
@27:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Mm-hmm. Okay. Because I think... think there's probably some kind of lean in, like around, because I guess for us, like we're trying to say that CLMs are necessary, they're important, but here are the things that do well, here are the things that don't do well.
Yeah, we should lean into this. Like kind of supporting CLMs.
@28:21 - Jenn McCarron
We should support, and someone like me who put them in for a living and saw what worked and what didn't, I have all the same stuff, but as a business person now with my own startup around it, I don't rip it out.
No, we have a lot still to learn. I can almost see some kind of like, I'm just spitting, spitballing.
CLM is not dead and we need to stop saying it is. And then the article is, but the title is dead.
CLMs have done a poor job naming themselves and branding themselves. Because they promised everyone jetpacks. When you use the word lifecycle, you are signaling that we'll do soup to nuts everything.
And you know what? Soup is enough. Soup is enough. Soup within legal, getting them drafting in different ways using AI, intake workflow approval routing for Spotify had 350 contract types moving over a workflow in CLM.
You can measure the start point, the midpoint, and the timed end point. That's amazing transparency for a deals desk at a company.
Those are revenue engines. That's enough. And CLM should be – they should rename themselves or iterate on the brand of all of that and triple down on what they're good at and partner where they're not.
@29:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I like that. I feel like there's repeating posts that we can make about this narrative. And this is like the stance.
That we should probably, yeah, kind of have moving forward. Final question, actually. So this is more of a, I guess, built in public, behind the scenes.
And I think it's always quite good to kind of share these every now and then. So what's been the biggest, like, oh moment in growing Contracts.ai so far?
Or a few. doesn't have to be the one, but just one of them, me.
@30:37 - Jenn McCarron
An oh moment for me is when I watched a customer in my pipeline have an oh moment for her.
I'm very empathetically attached to, like, I watch their reactions like it's a movie. And I hear this score and I'm like, I'm like in the camera lens, like, and when we showed her, we did some modifications to the technology to fit her vision of parent company that can do a search across all vendor agreements at parent and child companies.
And the analysis came back from six different companies in one minute of all the pricing terms, the renewal terms, the contract titles and types, and said, if you were going to buy this product again, you should maybe price it at $11 to $14 because that's the statistical average of everything based on company size, employee count, et cetera.
When we showed her that, I had no idea what we were building, I just was like, they want this, they want that, let's build it.
And we connected it all and we showed it in a demo pilot. Her head blew off her shoulders. That is like, oh .
All of that takes her months to find, if ever. If ever. They never find it. There's an incomplete picture.
They're manual emails and document flops across email. They make their own trackers. They copy-paste every clause out, and then they got it all set up in a tracker, and they're like, hope this is accurate.
Here comes a big business decision. I'm paying $16 a seat for the next thing. When she saw a starting point that shaved months down to minutes, she wouldn't let us off the phone.
Effusive. Shocked. Her eyes were big. A belief in us started to build. She said, oh my God, you guys did it.
You could do anything. I want to try this. I'm taking this to my leaders. This is what we've all dreamed of as procurement people.
We're like beyond legal with this one. Procurement management, optimizing spend in a company. We've all talked about this for years.
And in the same moment, she said, if this pilot works, I'm telling all my private equity peers, well, all my procurement private equity peers at our next conference.
Why was she telling me that on a demo? That's like promising because she had such a strong emotional reaction to her workflow being better and the company operating more at speed and preventing revenue leakage and optimizing spend.
This can make her and her team superstars at doing their job. They're already superstars, but now you just get a jetpack beneath you where you can, it's like the new Mr.
Beast video. Like you have one of those things on your back and you're not walking, you're hovering over the ground.
You're covering more surface area more quickly. Yeah, and she was so effusive that we had a call right after that one with an investor and I was 20 minutes late.
to that call. These people who work in finance, they're very type A in the best way. They start and end on time.
They're not so late for meetings. Like everything moves. They're professional. I broke it. And that was an oh moment for me.
And it reminds me, when you show up to calls, we have a product with a vision. But the most important thing that I do in my job description is I listen to their vision.
And I have our vision. And then I go away with my CTO. And we draw the lattice work between the two.
That's our job as product and engineering people. And we try to bring this to this. They vent. They start to Venn diagram and overlap.
And in time, the dream is with product development, this becomes all one because you're strategic partners. But we brought it in that call from this to this.
And it touched. And I was so late to that call. And then the investors wound up investing. Offering an incredible investment, and we turned it down.
The whole thing is just like, that's like a follow-on, oh , is like, taking VC money is a big deal, and you want to be respectful to that investment and be able to take that investment and supercharge what you're doing.
And I literally couldn't figure out in our moments of pre-revenue, six months, five months into the product and the sales cycle, I couldn't figure out where to put that capital in order to like, sure, you can start hiring people, but that's also chaotic.
And we had exactly what we needed in the moment for our very small but tangible but important milestone, our first five customers.
So that was also a big learning after that, that is like, you're one customer in your first five, this big one.
Having that reaction, and you're doing this with them, is the most important work right now, not capital.
@36:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I feel that's another juicy post. I feel good. Oh, yeah. Very deep. Awesome. In terms of the friendship moment, do you think that is a glimpse of product-market fit?
How would you define product-market fit?
@36:29 - Jenn McCarron
A hundred percent. That is a glimpse. It's more than a glimmer. It felt like what I just described to you was a full-frame photograph.
It had a foreground. It had a background. It's a photograph, but it was shot in raw, as we say, in Votog.
It was raw. And so what we have to do now to get that raw photo to product-market fit is we have to fine-tune
Retune everything in the pilot. So you take this forward and you go, okay, let's bring forth color, let's bring forth contrast, let's bring forth all the things that make a picture raw to final.
And I don't know what their final picture is. But I have a hypothesis that we have a starting point now with product market fit with our ideal customer profile.
And our job is to do the pilot with them and their few companies in that pilot design and deliver value.
And if we can deliver value at the end of a one or two month period, we have product market fit.
And we have an ICP.
@37:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think it's necessary to have that future? Goal, outcome already set out? Or do you think it's something that you kind of build along the way?
Because it's like the Steve Jobs, maybe, where they're the visionary. It's actually the future. You absolutely need both.
@38:12 - Jenn McCarron
And the Steve Jobs of the world are the examples of those who can see the pictures, the devices of the future.
And then those who are willing to work with talented designers, creators, artists, hardware, software people to draw it out every iterative step of the way and get there.
But the vision helps you hold the speed of that accountable to better, to excellence, to, no, I have this vision.
No, the corners need to be curved on this computer. Or Steve Jobs is like, I need the fonts in that I want that I learned in typography class in art school.
So you need the vision. Vision in order to drive. But you have to be able to hold it and then scrap it and then turn it back around, draw down here, let this inform more of that.
And you need to always be redrawing the vision. And sometimes the vision can be clear. Sometimes it can get blurry.
Or a piece just got slashed off and you're like, now we're a pre-sig company. Like you see a lot of companies change product identity a lot.
But I think you need a vision. You need a visionary. A visionary is someone who knows how to look into the future, the void, the empty or blank space, and draw something.
And believe in it and see and believe endlessly that that can add value to people's lives. They just don't know it yet.
They just don't know it yet. And it's our job to show them. The question I asked the most in my former job at Netflix was, is this what you mean?
Go away, go away, build, build, build, take notes. Come back. Is this what you mean? Yes, but no. How about blue?
Go left instead of right. I want to bring in casting. Yes, no. I want it to look like Salesforce.
But yes, no, yes, no. Okay, be right back. Is this what you mean? That's it. That's product market. That's how you have vision, but then let your users and your amazing team of engineers, designers, etc.
sculpt. the vision into a real thing.
@40:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That is a cool analogy. Also, very tactical to kind of achieve product market because I think in the startup world, sometimes it's quite airy-fairy.
Like, do we have product market fit? Do we not have it? And it's like not a binary yes or no answer.
It's like to what extent perhaps? And like, I guess what you've described is like, yeah, having kind of Customers, and they're getting all of these different stories that's showing you the direction that, okay, we are heading in the right direction.
It's just a matter of making sure we're still in the right direction when people use the product, maybe all that kind of stuff.
yeah, it's quite rare to see companies having such good feedback and, yeah, overall, this is very rare.
@41:28 - Jenn McCarron
What's rare, like getting like the signals I got from that customer call?
@41:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I guess like such good feedback at such an early stage, think sometimes it could take a company two, three years, four years to get what you just described.
@41:43 - Jenn McCarron
I've noticed that, that a lot of startup founders talk to me about those opening years, year, three years, they did a product pivot, all of this opening stuff that we're skipping steps.
And I, I'm aware of that. And I'm engineering that, and I'm taking the domain experience and applying it directly at problems I saw for years that looked insurmountable.
And like we talked in the last call, I have all that domain experience to just understand them instantly, understand their language at any company size.
I could speak jargon for years, spit all your alphabet soup at me. I'm like, fling, fling, fling. I understand the data privacy concerns.
I understand the lawyer and the finance. And so we get to skip steps because a lot of startup founders are coming from other domains or coming from youth or coming from college, business school.
And those are all fair starting points. But I'm coming at it with 10 straight years, no breaks of everything I built and talked about.
And then I took one break a year after stepping out of that to let it all. you. Sink in and go, what does all that mean?
Where should I apply all of that towards next? And I took all of that and went like this. And right there is the product.
So yeah, it's, I'm having speed or I'm skipping steps. But it's like the idea of like, I'm having those early wins and signals.
Overnight sensation, 10 years in the making, like as the expression goes, so much work went on behind it that I was actually doing the work that everyone's doing in early startup, founding, understanding your user, alt-failing, built a lot of , built a lot of good stuff.
So we're all, we all have to cut our teeth on something somehow. So, but yes, in this phase of startup, we're moving very quickly.
We're moving at, is in music you say like cut time in half or you double time. We're moving at double time.
ACTION ITEM: Draft CLM narrative posts; send to Jenn for review - WATCH
The tempo is It's 160 BPM.
ACTION ITEM: Add late-Feb event promo to content calendar; share schedule w/ Jenn; post weekly pre-event + 1 follow-up - WATCH
@44:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Damn, that is crazy. I think I have everything for this week. There's a lot to be discussed and then obviously added to last week as well.
So yeah, again, I will send through the drafts for you to review probably in two or three days and I'll also schedule the event post in the calendar.
Are you looking to schedule on a specific day or like a few days prior to the event? Like what's the...
@44:38 - Jenn McCarron
The event that I'm speaking at?
@44:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, like the one late February. I don't know.
@44:47 - Jenn McCarron
Like I would be open to any kind of cadence with this. I'd like to... It's basically three weeks out.
So I'd like to mention it once a week and make noise of. And then do it... Kind of follow up after if there's any great insight from the event.
So if you could work that in and then if you can somehow give me or share with me the posting schedule so that I know if I have these other posts to push through, what days I should schedule for?
Or is it better that I just kick every single thing to you and you? I know you talked about in our package like three times a week, so I'm conscious of that.
And so my thinking is like, just tell me which days you're doing so I know Tuesday, Thursday, I'll fill in or Monday, Friday, whatever it is.
@45:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So in the spreadsheet, I have like a scheduled date and a post-go live date. So scheduled would be like when I think they should be released.
So it'd be like Monday, Wednesday, Friday normally. So in this case, it'd be like, yeah, 16th, 18th, 20th for next week.
So but I'll always include those. In the calendar, and then I'll add the event stuff within as well. Okay, great.
@46:05 - Jenn McCarron
I thought I scheduled something for today. I'm like really confused.
@46:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
There was a post that you made that went live, I saw. Today? Yeah, today. It was a, what was that post about?
With Lucy? Event with Lucy?
@46:29 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I'm looking at my LinkedIn, and I don't see it. What?
@46:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, I see on my phone. That's weird.
@46:41 - Jenn McCarron
The most, I absolutely, I find LinkedIn's layout to be kind of dumb.
@46:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay, I refreshed.
@46:53 - Jenn McCarron
Okay, it did go up. Wow, that was like, this has only gotten... most recent, it's Thank 300 impressions. The Algo does not like this.
It's three hours old. I wonder why. But cool. Okay, it's up. It's important for me to plug loose these things.
ACTION ITEM: Continue LinkedIn connection requests to legal ops directors - WATCH
We want to get some people there for Friday.
@47:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
One other thing. How do you currently do LinkedIn? The reason why I ask is because I've been noticing that there's a lot of people in our ICP that engage with their posts.
And right now what I'm doing is like just sending connection requests to people who are like director of legal ops, just like within our job titles that we're targeting.
And so are you currently doing that? If not, I'm more than happy to continue doing that. Yes, please continue.
@47:55 - Jenn McCarron
Please continue for now. I do it when I can, but I'm not able to. To canvas so uniformly, please continue.
@48:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, happy to do that. And I guess because they've already seen your face, they've already engaged with your posts, and so when you do end up reaching out to them, it doesn't feel like a cold, random message out of the blue.
could just... Right. Thanks for engaging with that post, or maybe was there any interesting insights you got from that post?
Like, something alongside of that, just to start a conversation. Right. And so, yeah, probably the AdBron stuff, think, yeah, there's a few kind of things that we could do, but for now, I'll just continue sending the connection requests, because once people are first-degree, they're more likely to see your posts, and obviously, like, we can kind of reach out to them later on, if we choose to do so.
ACTION ITEM: Intro peers to Osman re: $500 off offer - WATCH
Sounds good. Oh, awesome. Oh, and one last Last thing, yeah, appreciate your message around, like, some peers interested in working with me.
Like, I kind of wrote, like, a $500 off, like, for them for the first month, as well as your invoice or just cash, like, whatever works for you.
Is that okay with you?
@49:19 - Jenn McCarron
That sounds great. That's exactly what I was hoping for.
@49:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
just some collaborative fun. Yes.
@49:27 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, yeah, love that.
@49:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, amazing. Yeah, if there's anyone who just want to have a quick chat, like, more than happy to kind of share things, and, yeah, just talk shop.
Sounds great, Osman.
@49:39 - Jenn McCarron
Appreciate you. Thank you so much. I'll do that intro maybe later today.
@49:45 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Awesome. Appreciate it, and enjoy the rest of your week. Same to you.
@49:50 - Jenn McCarron
Talk to you very soon. Bye. Bye, Jen. Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Week 3 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 60 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Jenn McCarron
Those are the best problems. I know.
@0:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It's like you're so productive, and then once you're on the bed, you just pass out. Oh, my goodness.
@0:08 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, yeah. It's great. I excited you maybe working with John. That's cool. He's the best.
@0:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah. He's a really cool dude. I helped on a call yesterday, and yeah, the spaces he's in is also quite interesting.
Looking forward to it. He mentioned that he also went to Hong Kong a while back, and then also Taiwan.
So I was like, ah, something interesting.
@0:32 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, he's got deep Asian roots. I think he went to law school in Hong Kong. Yeah, Born in Vietnam, been in America, like, much of the most.
But yeah, like, really cool Asian roots. He's awesome.
@0:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How's your week? So far, so good.
@0:52 - Jenn McCarron
It's Tuesday, and I'm preparing a pitch. My first pitch deck to go in front of people at a conference, to go in front of potential ICPs at a contracts-focused conference in Miami.
Next week, I'm presenting. I have a 10-minute slot, so I'm working on my pitch.
@1:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, that was the post that you made today, right? Exactly, yeah.
@1:21 - Jenn McCarron
They're like, can we have your slides now? And I'm like, I don't have them yet. So I'm cranking on those today.
@1:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is it like for investment? Or is it like more for like lawyers? It's lawyers.
@1:34 - Jenn McCarron
It's in-house contracts professionals. think a lot of legal and procurement people, I'm assuming more legal. It's called future contracts.
So I took my investor deck, my customer deck, married some of those slides, and now I'm like, okay, what story do I tell to hook them?
Because this is really potential customer, but live and in front of them. So you really have to- Emotionally, I have to emotionally hook them.
So it's a different tech.
@2:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm sure you'll nail it. You're really good at the storytelling and you've got that charisma. So I'm sure you'll do it well.
Thank you. Thank you.
@2:12 - Jenn McCarron
Thank you for your confidence in me.
@2:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Make sure to take a lot of photos from that event as well. Oh, yeah.
@2:18 - Jenn McCarron
And I'll keep uploading. I uploaded possibly some more into one of those folders. Cool, cool.
@2:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Awesome. Any interesting conversations or meetings that you've had over the past few days since we last chatted? I'm scanning the calendar.
@2:40 - Jenn McCarron
Because there's always something interesting. You know, there was one demo we did since I spoke to you last with this company called Jersey Mike's Big America.
And another thing they cared about was like the schedule payments of, and it started populating it into the table.
And they're like, here's something we care about, the death clause. And we were kind of cracking jokes because that's a hard topic to just like trivially talk about in a business meeting.
But they're like, no, seriously, if a franchise owner passes on, we have to know what to do and how to act like pretty immediately.
And how would it handle that? And on the spot, we programmed in a basic definition of what a death clause is.
And it started finding it and populating it on the spot. It was the first time in a demo yet I have felt in a pure flow state from the perspective of UI, UX, smoothness of the platform, look, feel being in the right direction for what we want.
We thought so much about the end user, our customer, our ICP. The legal user, the finance or procurement user, I thought a lot about, like, what do they want to see?
What establishes trust? And then from their perspective, they gave us contracts and, like, all the features that we've built were working.
Everything was going fast in the demo. Like, everything was responding quickly. And I really felt a flow state and it was really exciting.
You know, customers sometimes hold it all close to the vest. They don't, they don't, they're not exuberant. They don't show all the cards.
And these were all, like, tough, awesome New Jersey people. So they're all just sitting there like, okay, try the death clause.
Okay. So I'm waiting to hear, like, you know, the feedback from my friend who works there and more, which I'm meeting with her later today.
But I know it, I know it was landing. Because I know her and she's implemented CLMs a few times, just like I have career-wise.
And I know she's never seen that before because I had never seen it before. And I implemented all the hard ones, all the popular ones.
And I don't know. was something new clicked in that. I don't know what it is. Is it new UI, UX?
Is it also this, like, I'm locking in more and more with the customer. They send 30 contracts and we're able to make meaning of them very quickly with what we've engineered possibly.
That felt like an interesting turning point in the demos. And I don't know. My demos feel, like, a little bit more tightened up or something or narrowed.
Now, compare and contrast. Something happened over the weekend in our code. And I came in yesterday. And a search took over a minute to return a simple result.
And I thought I was going to have an emotional meltdown. Just myself. And then it happened with a customer.
And I'm like, oh, wow. I'm oh, wow. Yeah. That can't happen. So through all of these presentations, demos, people watching, I'm getting real truth and real signal of what they care about, what's acceptable, what's not acceptable with their own contracts and how fast some of these insights have to be given how slow and long it takes to get insights out of contracts before now, to get the clause out, the death clause out, copy, paste it out.
So they want speed. So yeah, those are some, that's like a big wave of a feeling I've had over the last week from that, both the UI, UX.
@8:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think the flow state is maybe because you've done so many of these? Or do you think you just know them so well that you know exactly what to say, what to show, that kind of stuff?
It's what's the, it's the former, it's the former.
@8:59 - Jenn McCarron
I, I've known them so well since I started the company and started doing demos. But like all things, the more you repeat the thing and try to land it for that unique group, who they are, where in this country they are sitting or in what culture of the world they come from, how they think, what matters to their business, giving them the floor to creatively interject and go, We care about this.
Try this. Listening, something through repetition, I think is what leads to that. Even though I've given a million demos of technology in my career before this company, that's great.
It gives me a template to come in with, but I still have to draw in all the unique parts one rep at a time.
So I think I'm doing my reps on demoing the product and something that day. They just combo with smoothness, new UI, having some prep in advance from the customer on, here's our contracts.
I'd spent some time looking through them, setting things up. Something clicked all together there.
@10:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm trying to figure out if there is something that we could package. I'm not sure yet. might come back.
Sure. But also, the new UI stuff is also quite interesting as well, because maybe you don't come from a product management background, and so it's also, how do you know what works, what is good, what is bad?
And maybe it's because you are potentially your own customer, and so it's like, oh, I know what I want if this product existed in the world.
@10:52 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, this UI UX initiative was one of the hardest things I've done at work, ever. Recently and ever. It's a big mode shift and a context shift to go into the thinking of what goes into a UI and a UX and an interface for our ICP.
And while we're still defining our ICP, we're very early stage still, and we have our hypothesis who they are, legal, finance, procurement people, 80%, 20% with a potential inversion of that in the future.
But we don't have years, months, quarters, hundreds of customers like railing on it every day, giving us feedback. So a lot of it had to be, we had to take a lot of the feedback I've gotten in calls and demos for months, and I have to like verbally, mentally mine it and give it to the designer on the spot.
So I'm like recalling it, which is all my point of view anyway, but I'm trying to recall it objectively.
And then I'm trying to put myself in the shoes of the customer looking at this now in 2026. And then, yeah, I'm informing it from some of the world of I was the customer for 10 plus years up until March 2024 when I stepped out of my last in-house role.
But, you know, March 2024 to almost March 2026, that's a long time. Almost a year. Yeah. And the world changed and generative AI landed and became product, became consumer product of everyone's everyday and now is creeping into the enterprise product of everyone's everyday at work.
So, I know it looks good. I have a decent baseline for aesthetic on all things, design and art and layout and structure and all the software and I can draw, I can illustrate and I could graphic design.
So, cool. Sometimes all of that's too much information. You step in with a designer and you're like, does any of that matter?
What does the customer want? And you have to really channel. And it was very hard. The questions my designer was asking me, I was like, I have no idea.
You're the designer, you tell me. And it doesn't go that way.
@13:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, it is quite hard because obviously they're not the experts in the field as well. So they're trying to figure out what you think and what you like and then what the customers like as well.
So it is very tough. I actually quite like the comments from the recent post that we made around the SaaS stocks plummeting.
There were a lot of really long comments. I'm not sure if you saw them.
@13:50 - Jenn McCarron
I did. Oh, yeah. I'm looking at that. Everyone's doing that version of a post also in our circle of people.
@13:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think, like, even John yesterday was commenting about that post, but he was like, I didn't want to comment because I wanted to be more anonymized.
But he liked that post as well.
@14:13 - Jenn McCarron
The post of mine?
@14:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The anthropic one.
@14:19 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, the anthropic one. Like the one authored by us, like from my LinkedIn, or just all the generic anthropic posts?
@14:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
No, the one that we created on Monday.
@14:32 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, awesome, awesome, yeah. He's so funny. I'm actually looking forward to how you two work together because John does not like talking out up front at all.
Yeah, yeah, he's like, I'm trying to be just hidden. He wants to be hidden. He's very stealth, flies under the radar, and I'm like, I can't wait to see what you two do because, as you can tell, I'm the complete opposite.
And I want to be in a constant dialogue. I learn some. So from being in the exchange of a dialogue.
And wow, I'm peeking at this post and even more people like Ted Theodoropoulos commented, Kelly . I have to look through these.
These are big people. Very cool. They're all watching.
@15:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. And so I was thinking like because we really want to like position you as the like fast forward thinker and there's probably a lot of stuff we can talk about around this like AI and legal tech side of things.
@15:37 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@15:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I do have a few questions prepared today. But did you see the update on Harvey partnering up with Harvey from Suits, the TV show?
What? Let me send you that link. Harvey enters brand partnership with Suits Harvey Specter.
@15:59 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, my. Yeah, so I'm like, huh. SaaS is going lifestyle? I think we should talk about this because I am studying this trend.
@17:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm reading this article.
@17:16 - Jenn McCarron
Mox said, I'm partnering with Harvey because I care about where this company goes. I want to support a responsible.
This is like almost a gimmick. He's just an actor. And just personally off the record, like knowing about him a little bit through her friendship, he's an actor who's like over being an actor because it's really a hard, hard job.
It's a hard grind. You're taken away from your family, et cetera, for months at a time. But because this show went on Netflix, this show shot up during a time of no programming or low programming.
And so he's like super elevated again as an actor. So cool. cool. Mmm. So, what is my take on this?
This is brands, SaaS. These are like niche SaaS vertical brands in the legal sector, in law firm and in-house legal departments.
They're borrowing from what they've seen do so well in corporate, sorry, in consumer marketing and branding for decades. Putting some kind of warmth and lifestyle and personality behind the product will allow people to emotionally connect with the product as this almost entity or person-like being that helps them.
And if you have an affection towards a product, because it's always helping you and giving you the answer, Ivo's like, be the smartest lawyer in the room.
Picture of a woman that's very warm and you're confused. You're like, is this an ad for a consumer product?
No, it's just tattoos on her arms. So many choices were made to connect with people in a new way.
So there was a trend in early AI products where they named the AI after a person, like very Siri era AI.
And everyone joked, why are all AIs named after women? It's like kind of second tiering women as the service or helper gender of the world.
But anyway, there's been a move away from that. ContractPod AI did not get the note and they rebranded their whole company to be called Leia.
That's after Legora unbranded itself from calling itself Leia. So I think this is their new, this is the new way, the new wave branding attempt to connect this to people emotionally and put a different kind of narrative to it.
Suits one of the biggest leads. has of Thank Marrying old with new and creating such a beautiful thing, a vehicle, like a vessel.
There's also a scene from the Daft Punk movie that they used in 2021 when Daft Punk announced their own death, the end of the band.
They ended the band. They pulled the scene from their movie and put it back out in a video, and it's the two robots, and they do a Russian roulette walk to either side of the screen.
And they turn around and face each other, and one blows the other up, and there's really beautiful imagery of the robot going into a million pieces.
And when I saw that in 2021, mean, A, I was devastated. They're my favorite band. So it was beautiful, and it's a beautiful film, really well shot.
But B, I was working a lot on CLM and implementation and the message and the buy-in and the story to my Netflix stakeholders.
So I started like screen recording from these. Videos and taking them as gifts and putting them in my slide deck and going, this is what we're going to do to the contracts.
And I would show the robots walking. I'd show the countdown clock, three, two, one. And I'd show the robot fist clenches and then the shot on the robot.
And I'd say, and I'd time my script and be like, we're blowing the contract document up into all of its data parts.
So there's been an analogy in some of their imagery, their music, their past, present, future theme, and the death of, and the beginning of a new way of doing contracting.
That's who I'd get. That's who I would get as our brand ambassadors. Stay tuned. I have to first sign five customers.
Get this UI, UX set up, get the new, we're doing a logo refresh and a website refresh. But that's who I would get because of all the.
And of all of that, they symbolize.
@24:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm. Do you actually want to mention that in a post or maybe for future? Yeah. Why not?
@24:10 - Jenn McCarron
Why not? I mean, I think we should talk about this because Lagora did it. They're doing it. Ramp's doing it.
Now this is the new trend of marketing. We could make any post. I would reveal any of this and say, I'm watching all these brands and all these SaaS enterprise companies are bringing in a consumer branding, wonderful element.
And it's called lifestyle. And let's go. I'd be open to any of it. It's a great new trend. Hmm.
@24:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think this is, I really like this because B2B has always been classified as like boring and like very stale, professional.
@24:49 - Jenn McCarron
Oh yeah.
@24:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And there's a lot of consumer brands. They're like really catchy, trendy. And so I think it's good that B2B is slowly learning from consumer brands, which is nice.
@26:00 - Jenn McCarron
Speaking of combos, I had two combos with two very big players in the legal tech space. And one, I said, hey, a customer of yours wants to integrate with us in an upcoming big pilot.
And they saw what we did, they saw the customer, and they know me a little bit from the industry, and they're like, we're in, we like how you think, let's go for it.
And then another big player reached out and saw what we did and was like, whoa, this could help a lot of customers.
And I'm like, I'm super wide open to channel partnership. The strategy is, yes, to any size, small, medium, large, if they want to partner with us.
And there's a few coals in the fire there.
@26:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay. Is this because, because I also see like, Lagora, they started 2023 or something, and then they were, had a value.
They of like 1.8 billion and then now they're like potentially raising again to a potential valuation of like 6 billion and I'm like whoa this is a very quick ramp up like is this hype or is this actually like is this overpriced and so you know how like we're talking about the consolidation of legal tech stocks plummeting and so there's a bit of a two kind of narratives one is like there's a lot of money being pushed into legal tech there's like also plummeting of stocks what's your kind of thoughts on that if that fits into the question so they were in the perfect time slot for they were in the market at the perfect moment in time to start and they've done the work they have sold the software into men
@28:00 - Jenn McCarron
Many, hundreds and hundreds of customers. Thousands probably by now. So they've earned it over, talk about two years and going from zero to, you know, a billion plus in valuation to six billion and more.
They have it right now in customers and in revenue. And they're the front. They're just like the tip of the spear of the forefront of this tech right now and what it could mean for legal.
So, hang on, I need to figure out one thing. How do I get this to stop? I got it.
So, is it hype? I don't think so. think they have a lot of customers and people are eager to use the products and see how to use them at work at the law firm or in-house.
I think they're really a product and they're really selling. I think in time we will see. The differences and the similar, like how these products really serve the everyday and whom they really serve.
Is it narrow? Is it depth over breadth? Are they really good for law firm partners and managing directors? They give them more, like, it's like you have interns and five more associates and do the associates get smarter and does the machine run your workflows better?
Great. Does that translate to in-house? I know they're doing a lot. They built a doc sharing platform. They're going to expand.
If they were smart, they would acquire iManage and just go for all the documents in the law firm and in the in-house legal departments that are on iManage as a doc management, legacy doc management solution.
I still think they have to expand themselves and get better at depth in certain areas of expertise. They have a lot of products under there right now and they're broad, but winning the market and winning...
all I need these details. business model And Awesome. Brilliant. Been at it a few years and does one thing really well, data and mining trends from big data sets.
And he was telling me like some of his data, they've really been able to predict things going on in certain markets.
And he's like, it's almost, he was telling me like, it's almost a power you have to be very careful wielding because you can mess things up for companies like Bloomberg.
And people who study and run markets. But yeah, they look at Thomson Reuters, acquires this little engine that's been building for the past several years, doing one thing really well so that they can put that under the hood, turn it into a speedboat on a bunch of areas of their business.
And they'll attach those areas to that and then take it forward. My friends at Evisort were acquired by Workday and Workday definitely made them a bit of the AI speedboat inside the company.
Thank And let them pull them forward into certain combos, features, and innovation so that they can stand out and differentiate in a very big and crowded SaaS marketplace.
So, mean, Workday, they're like huge. Thomson Reuters, huge, huge, huge, huge. Yeah.
@34:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think there was like, I saw a lot of you acquire Clawsbase. Oh, yeah.
@34:26 - Jenn McCarron
year. Yeah, they acquired Clawsbase. So that's another attempt at bringing in an AI-powered something feature set to the product.
Looks like Clawsbase becomes LawView Draft. So LawView looked at, I'm looking at the article, looked at their own drafting functionality.
And they put it next to what they evaluated in a Clawsbase tool and went, it's actually less expensive for us to acquire that, be that much further ahead.
And innovation and build and tech stack development, R&D. And then I'm sure there's always a talent play with this too.
You have these great founders at ClauseBase who are just good at that thing. You empower them with a bigger machine behind you of LawView.
LawView's pretty big in the legal tech world. And boom, you've got innovation, advancing forward. You have new things to tell and show all your customers.
Exciting. Hmm.
@35:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Yeah. I feel like I've always in the past felt like maybe legal, healthcare, like these regulated industries are like slow paced, but I feel like it's not the case.
There's so many things happening over the last year or two years.
@35:44 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, it's law tech, legal tech used to be boring. Who cares? When I used to say I worked in legal tech at a party, like I'd be like, go back to bed.
Let's talk about other things. So it was pretty boring. It was like contracts. Cool. But because LLMs are really good at words, at clusters of words, at creating and analyzing fact patterns and coming back with a piece of writing, and legal work product is largely about a piece of writing after all of that's done by the lawyer, there's this coming together of these two worlds that law tech is now in the main conversation on this earth about AI and industries to be impacted by AI.
And that is why also these Harvey, Legora's, Ivo's can pull out front with consumer grade marketing, because this is out front in the consumer news even.
And valuations and money and funding and VC funding, it's all, the lights are all on. Press and funding in the world.
So I got to get Daft Punk to be my ambassador. Sure.
@36:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, I'm so excited for that. Yeah, maybe in the future, if there is like... When you guys do end up raising money, potentially, it's like, that could be a launch video, an idea, having something in the graphics, or, yeah.
Like, what do you mean?
@37:12 - Jenn McCarron
What do you mean?
@37:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Because I think there's a lot of people who do fundraising announcements where they're like, oh, we're so excited to raise X amount of dollars, about a million dollars, and they kind of just showcase, like, the number or not.
But I think, as a raised announcement, you could also have a video, like, a really high-quality video showcasing that.
could be, like, one minute, two minutes, and then just showing the vision of Hunter Club AI, and then, yeah, including Daft Punk as part of the potential, like, brand ambassador narrative.
@37:43 - Jenn McCarron
I love that. I love that. My friends at the legal tech AI startup called TruthSystems.ai, they did a really artful launch video, and they did their seed, I think, and it had narrative...
It had an artistic kind of treatment going on about their vision, and it was so inspiring, and that's definitely a great idea and something I want to pursue.
I first have to sign these customers, which I am in three contracts this week. That's also news from last week.
I've cleared all three huge company vendor onboarding processes and cyber risk assessment questionnaires and all the hoops. have to jump through?
Cleared three. Nice. Huge, huge companies. We're in contracts now, which should just be like the end and just getting it all redlined and everything.
Pricing cleared on two of the three. So it's just getting it inked and the deal inked. I can't believe it.
have to sign them first and then go fundraise and then do the video.
@38:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh my gosh, this is so exciting.
@40:00 - Jenn McCarron
What investors think and if I can get the seed or whatever the next thing is and if I get that oh my god it's so on the video because I'll have validation then to really stand on something and make a video from.
Right now I'm just fighting like a dog for relevance, space, any place where we can say what this product does.
I'm fighting hard.
@40:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm hustling. think every founder goes through these so yeah just part of the journey. Totally. One last question. I guess I always like to create these like more personal ones and I think the one that we created was quite nice with like that smile of yours.
So I think we should probably do these every now and then. last Can you share a behind the scenes story about building Contracts.ai that your audience or most people don't know?
Well, thank you for coming back I you a scenes answers.
@40:59 - Jenn McCarron
moment..ац.am. Have Oh, Is behind-the-scenes story about building this?
@41:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, something maybe, something that went wrong, or maybe there was like a, like how it happened, or something unique that people don't know about.
@41:15 - Jenn McCarron
Like an untold story. What is an untold story, I'm thinking? I mean, there's this story, that the high level is, I was approached by my co-founder and another co-founder advisor, early 2025, about maybe this idea, or an idea, and they didn't yet have this one locked in, but wanted to do something in this space.
And I was, and I was reluctant to go anywhere near a startup, and they wanted me to come in, and they were like...
Any title you want. And I was like, I do not want to be CEO, anything but that. I'll be product and I'll be part-time because I'm having actually a wonderful time working a portfolio career of amazing things.
I was president of clock. I was doing commercial music work, like scoring things, writing for artists. I was doing a contract at a Blackstone portfolio company that was teaching me and reinvigorating a whole other side.
Inside of my brain, my numeracy, my financial analysis, HR chops, ops in that space. I loved the mix of all of that.
was very entrepreneurial. And then I'm like, product, part-time and kind of in the wings with a couple other founders who were in it more regularly.
But also one of them was running another startup that was small, but mind was torn between those two things.
So one, my coach. Co-founder finally peels off that other startup in the summer of 2025 and goes kind of full-time on this coding.
And I'm just in the wings. I'm not really doing a lot. I'm not earning anything. It's just like I pull up once in while and be like, I don't like that.
I like that. Bye. See you in a month. And then it took my co-founder setting up a call with me one day and an ultimatum.
And I was so mad at the ultimatum that he gave me. And he said, you have to join Contracts AI with me full-time.
You have to be CEO. None of this part-time product stuff. And there was a person in the stealth. We were in stealth mode.
There was a person in the CEO seat doing some stuff. And they were like, it's not them. They're gone.
It's you. You have to be that. And you. And I, together, we're go-to-market, and this has to happen now.
And you have basically two weeks to make a decision. And I said, okay, so if I do this, I have to quit the Blackstone gig.
I have to quit the clock, resign from clock as president before my term is up, before the Blackstone contract.
What? And they're like, are you in a position to bootstrap yourself? And I'm like, no, I need the money.
I was kind of like, you , I need the money. Truth is, money's nice, but I didn't. I could have bootstrapped myself.
And so it took them, it took him giving me an ultimatum. I was on my way to an interview with another AI legal tech company who was courting me for a product marketing gig, which was very cool.
And I was mad. I was like walking on the street in New York with my phone out. And I was like, God, I'm not ready to quit clock.
I'm finishing out my term and all this amazing stuff we were working on for those few years. They shouldn't go, I don't know.
And I get like paralysis from that. But I surround myself with people who are tough and they push. And between him pushing me and giving me, he's like, it has to be by September 1.
We'd have to announce by September 15th if we have any chance of getting any funding to sustain this thing.
Because funding wasn't happening prior to that. And so I made a decision then. The push from them and then I got a push from my wife, my main support system.
Like, do this. If the formula is there and it's the right person, it's the right product, you can talk about this for five years, you have all that domain experience, go try it.
Go take a bigger risk. You've done all the work for years. And I got pushed from behind and pushed from the front.
And that's how I made the decision. Reluctantly. But when I make a decision, though, I commit. And I commit for five years minimum and I don't look up again.
I'm just tough to get there. But then once I'm there, it's so on. That's how I was with the Netflix job.
I wasn't sure I wanted it. I wanted it. I wasn't sure I could get my family to move to Los Angeles and live there for long enough, as long as I needed to make impact there.
But I got pushed by my spouse and was like, here, we're going. She's like, let me decide for us.
We're going. But we must come back in five to seven years. So we did. We came back to New York.
So yeah, I need that. I need that. These are big decisions and big life changes and big changes in your finances.
And the shape of your day, et cetera. So it's made in harmony with the system you're in. And I'm lucky to have a really strong-minded co-founder, a very smart co-founder who knows and knew what to say and what to call me on.
He didn't know me that well yet, but he knew just to like, gunk, drop the gauntlet. And then I have a strong family support system that's just like, gunk, you're good, go.
I don't know. What do you think? Anything there to mind? Yeah.
@48:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, a lot actually. So was he the one that came up with the Contracts.ai idea and kind of pitched it to you?
Or was it like kind of you guys both shaped it into what it is of today?
@48:13 - Jenn McCarron
We both shaped it. So a few of us got together and one person brought in the domain. This is the million-dollar question.
People are always like, how'd you get that domain? And I say, for the right price, everything in life is for sale and can be yours.
So it's not a great mystery. We're paying for it. It's a wonderful and cool and special domain. And so when my co-founder brought that in, for a minute, it was like, what can we come up with in Contracts?
That's AI. So that's a fun fact also.
@48:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I don't know if I want to over-index on that fact in publicity.
@49:00 - Jenn McCarron
Because I don't want to make it look like this story isn't founded on years of pain and domain, because it really is.
But it took me a minute to find the story and the product with them. And so we were trying all different ideas.
were like, how about e-sig? How about pre-sig? How about a consumer product? And just kind of talking through those.
And on the weekends, you know, we're coding this and product managing this, these ideas together into concepts and showing each other on a Monday and then going, OK, try something else.
See you Wednesday. See you Friday. Well, we worked on that plus other things. So there was a domain that came in that was so cool that we wanted to see if we can create a cool idea against.
And then when this started coming into focus, and then when I saw the ability for this to not only extract everything quickly, but then start to match it to financials and finance systems because of my co-founder's finance tech background.
That's when I was like, oh, wait, that's a hole I saw the whole time. Two different uses of hole there.
That's something. That's real. That's a hole in a manual world on the finance side and the legal side. Something's there.
And so it helped kind of with them frame the idea and come in closer to it, what we are now.
@50:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How did, like, your co-founder, I guess, find you and then knew you were the right person to be CEO?
@50:34 - Jenn McCarron
We were introduced by a mutual entrepreneur, serial legal tech entrepreneur, whom I had licensed software from several times when I was in-house.
And it was actually John Sanchez, whom you're connected with. Oh. So, but I don't know that I want to include him.
Mark Convos. And I'm like, okay, he's good. So yeah, match made by an entrepreneur who had a lot of experience identifying people who could be good at this.
And he talked me into being an entrepreneur and a CEO. I didn't want to do it. And he flew to New York and he had coffee with me and he just sat and was like, you should be CEO.
I'm like, why? I'll be obsessed. I won't. It's hard. It'll be like having another child. I have to do this for seven years until this thing is like grown and raised.
I've never had a child. But I take things creatively very seriously as if. And he mentored me and showed me enough and then match made us.
And I think they thought I was good for CEO. I think John saw the tenacious skills and passion in me to just like do things that are cool, impactful.
Self-taught on a lot of things. I like putting stuff out into the world. He came into my studio once, John, and looked around and was like, oh.
And he looks at me and goes, you're entrepreneurial. And I was like, oh, am I? I didn't know that.
I thought I was just reeling from seven years in corporate or whatever and doing cool things. And so he helped me see something in me I couldn't.
And then what they saw in me was someone who has deep domain experience, a distribution network. I know a lot of people.
A lot of people in legal ops are my friends after the clock board experience of five to ten years.
I could sit with those people, understand them really well, relate, and build something that's useful.
@53:45 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What made you, I guess, jump into startups? Because even though you have the people around you to kind of push you, but at the same time, it's so different to...
Corporate roles.
@54:00 - Jenn McCarron
it's so different.
@54:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
There's a lot of risk, a lot of uncertainty.
@54:04 - Jenn McCarron
so much risk. So my wife de-risked everything for me. I'm very fortunate. I worked at Netflix. I worked in corporate hard, 10 plus years, no breaks.
So I had money, in a sense, some means that accumulates from that and the stocks and the salaries, et cetera.
And your worth goes up. Like I can do a contract gig that's short and I'm making an incredible living doing it.
So between my success and her success, she de-risked the money thing, which I was like, okay. And then I had to like work in that headspace for a few months.
Like, what is it like if no money is coming in and I'm working hard? Weird. I'm so used to working hard and boom, money every two weeks.
But she helped. My success helped with that. And I had to sit and I had to listen for a year after I left Netflix and do these cool portfolio things.
But without the big commitment, the big, big. Firm, some were startup. And I would go through the interviews on all of them to see how I felt and like what came through.
And on every corporate one, I was like, that's not where I go to be creative. I just had that at Netflix.
They had this unique, never done it, relate to the legal tech game, come in, unlimited funding, basically, unlimited headcount, and you're going to build and create.
It was like a startup, funded. And I knew I couldn't, I always said, where does one go after having that experience at Netflix, very entrepreneurial experience?
This is exactly where you go, into a startup where I can create, I can call the shots every day with a small team, be really scrappy, make these big pivots that have seismic output, decide on things like the branding and the theme and the values and all the fun stuff you get to decide in the creation of a company and a product.
All roads led to that, all but it did take me a year to kind of unwind the corporate. And go, well, what did all of that mean?
And what is next? And it's okay to take time and space to find all of that after big jobs and pursuing big shifts.
They're big decisions.
@57:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm always in the belief that everyone who ends up becoming a startup founder, entrepreneur, there's always some reason. It's like maybe it's a chip on the shoulder.
Maybe they have something to prove. Yeah.
@57:25 - Jenn McCarron
I have a big chip on my shoulder. Topic for another recording. But my whole personality is that. And I'm trying to prove.
And I'm always trying to prove to myself that I can do a thing that looks so hard. When you look at other people doing the thing, doing their startup, the CEO of Harvey, it looks so hard.
It looks easy for them. How did they do it? I have a big chip on my shoulder that I can't do it.
And so I brute force, like, commit to things that I think I can do. have enough signals to know.
Like, I'm not. I'm trying to be a prima ballerina, okay? I cannot do that. But I have enough training and domain and time spent in a certain field to know I have a lot of experience.
Same with music. have enough musical background and I can play enough instruments and understand theory enough to know I can score a film.
And I'm scoring film. That's one of the portfolio projects I did. I scored something and it's led to more scoring and I know I can do it.
So yeah, Chip on My Shoulder is there, but also just insane desire to create.
@58:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool. I love this. Definitely a story for the future. There's a lot to discuss.
@58:46 - Jenn McCarron
Lots to discuss. I think I have everything.
@58:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, this was another really juicy recording.
@58:52 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, juicy. You inspired me during the recording. I took a screen recording of the Daft Punk video. a lot to discuss.
discuss. discuss. There's discuss. There's lot There's lot lot to There's to Thank you. That is like the fist clench 3, 2, 1, boom.
And I'm going to send you this short move.mov that I make just so that you have it if you ever want to use it or turn it into something.
could be something. Even as an inspo piece, it's good for you to see it.
@59:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah, for sure. Awesome. Lovely to chat as always, Jen.
@59:22 - Jenn McCarron
Same, Osman.
@59:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And we will talk next week. Yes, talk next week. Are you okay with the same time next week? Because I know you have a conference or chat.
@59:30 - Jenn McCarron
traveling that night, so I'm good in the morning.
@59:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is it fine? I'm traveling.
@59:36 - Jenn McCarron
No, we're good. I'm traveling later that day, so we're good. Okay. Cool. Have a great week. Talk to you very soon.
All bye. Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Week 4 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 72 mins (No highlights)
@1:00 - Jenn McCarron
A pitch in front of maybe 200 to 300 of my ICPs, like legal, contract professionals of all types from all types of companies.
Wow.
@1:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How are you feeling? I feel great.
@1:17 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I feel great. I wrote up a pitch in a pitch deck and I've been running the story and that's been great.
And it's even the story combined with like things we write combined with these insights I'm getting through demos with customers and or potential channel partners and then the website work we're now doing.
We moved from new UI into new website or website revamp and it's a lot of story and we're trying.
I don't have a ton of user customer data so we're surmising it from demos and things in my experience so it's been fun.
To lock the story, even since I was last with you, I feel like the story kind of took its next shape, its next iteration.
@2:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Ooh, okay. I'm actually keen to hear about that, because maybe that could help with content. What do you think?
@2:18 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, perfect. I think so.
@2:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So maybe, like, we could go about, like, the narrative before, and then maybe some sort of catalyst that made you change, or maybe why this narrative.
@2:33 - Jenn McCarron
So, exactly. Narrative before, and just to frame before I say the narrative, the intro is that this is a new category of software, our type of software.
So it requires an education. It requires understanding, and how, therefore, how our customer can fit it, or should. They fit it into the landscape of tech inside their company right now.
And so there's a lot of teaching and explaining and going, no, no, no, this is not CLM. It's not one or the other.
It's both. People really have binary thinking. It's very common. And I'm like, no, it's not but or it's and.
And so you find all these ways to try to teach and show and inspire. And especially you have to constantly say, what is the difference between this and CLM, this and Ironclad, this and Primata, this and Anthropic, Co-Work, this and ChatGPT.
And this and the other tools who claim to do what you're doing, which have like smart repository. Those are the questions I get asked the most in this education process.
And I say. All the things. Search, Powered by AI. I say all the typical top-line things that are very understandable for the user, the customer, but they're also generic.
And so it's hard to actually say how we're different than Harvey Ligoris. I can do that all day. How we're different than CLMs.
Easy. I can do that all day. How we're different than Anthropic, Clawed, ChatGPT. I can do that all day.
But how we're different than Ivo's AI-powered repository or anyone claiming to do contract intelligence. I've been struggling. And then DoorDash called me.
This is major insight number one of the last week. I have, I think, two to three major insights of the last week that came to me through.
Combos with other people. So DoorDash calls. They heard about our platform, that it's good. They're legal ops folks, but I can tell they're real Bay Area sophisticated legal ops folks.
The Bay Area, the San Francisco Bay Area of legal ops folks, of a lot of tech people in all the ops in all the land, they tend to be first movers.
They tend to be pretty sophisticated, and even your common legal ops person will have a greater degree of an understanding of tech because of where they live.
And that is that region's chief export, the world's technology. And it's always impressive. I am grateful to have been cut from that cloth in an early legal ops tech company that started legal ops way before everyone else did.
And so it's it's really it's And really really innovative, early-moving thinking. So I get on with these two legal ops folks.
I know them kind of peripherally through the community, but we don't know one another. And I tend to do this thing with customers, especially if I'm not like hyper-prepped for the call.
Like, number one, I'm prepared for every call. It's called 15 Years of Experience and DBQ. And I come in and I dial in and I try to read the note before the email.
try to look them up. But sometimes I don't get the full research. And so I have a way of starting the call and getting them going so that I know exactly where to dial in and what kind of brain type they have and what they want and what their problem is that they're trying to solve.
And so I let them go first. I said, I'm very flexible in how I do meetings. What did you hear?
What are you here to find out? I want to dial this in for you. And he goes, oh, I love that.
And I can tell by Through all the demos and the tech convo with them, and nobody vectorizes. They're all just doing the OCR thing, meaning they're doing a search that is an OCR text string match.
So their search engine goes into the OCR text that's like a picture. OCR is like the picture of the document that turns all the text from picture to something that can be read line by line by like the camera of the optical character resolution, whatever.
Very important construct in all of legal tech is whether something is OCR'd because then you can get at the text of.
And so all the technology to today, even Ivo apparently, according to him, has the OCR text string matching search functionality, which is okay.
It's. It's. But limited. It's okay. It serves in a lot of ways, basic search, big groupings, but it's limited in that you can't show up conversationally and ask it a question and the technology goes, hmm, what are they really trying to ask?
And when you vectorize something and put generative AI around it, it allows for a conversational experience and it understands your intent and will bring back analysis.
It'll bring back the answers. Here's the two contracts you need. Here's the 17 contracts based on your prompt. Cool.
But it'll bring back additional analysis around that and be able to flag and flag risk because it's understanding this world called intent.
And vectorizing means a... So our agent, our technology pulls up to the document and if the document PDF is not OCR'd, we'll OCR it.
We have that built in. We have an engine built in to make that an OCR and then we'll do a scan of it.
But we take it a step further in vectorizing it, meaning we chop it all up into vectors, into small parts and fragments and combos of things.
And we send that out to LLM1 or LLM1 did that, ingests that, understands all of that and comes back with an abstract, a summary, a breakdown, the data normalization of all the terms defined.
And then we have a proprietary way of using secondary tertiary LLMs to validate that extract against others and get the best possible extract harmonized across the three.
And again, because we validate... Vectorize, hang on, it's like I was even searching this, because we vectorize, this is more than turning pixels into text, it's turning contract into data, and then enabling an ability to put language and prompting in front of it that's human-like, that's conversational-like.
Like, can you tell me all the risks in these 10 MSAs that I need to think about? Here's two contracts, highlight the risks.
It can infer that, because it can take all of that text and analyze it again. The position of the company in a business setting and an exchange and know those things, you'll never know those things from OCR.
OCR is just like a from nothing to text search. And it was the tool and the technology up until two years ago.
So I think that's I think that's fine. It made it it made it all searchable. But my my my story that I've said all along in my six months as founder now that I'm really doubling down on is why is it that on day one of a CLM go live?
It's live. It's live. a technical success and it's a business failure because legal shows up and does one search and they can't find it.
Why? Why is that? What? What? And this vectorization piece is a big missing. Link that we just didn't have in technology for a very long time.
And it's here now. And that is exactly, precisely, and only what we do. And because of that, we can create the data warehouse, normalized data definition of all of your contracts.
And then once you have that, you have contract as infrastructure, as data infrastructure. And then that is the actual bridge of contract data into the enterprise.
Not this kind of blank bridge that CLM companies have painted us as a vision for a bunch of years.
It's like, they were like, there's a bridge, but they claimed they were the bridge. But when you showed up on one island to get to the other, you had to build your way across one piece of wood at a time.
And you had to live on that bridge and monitor it as legal tech people and make sure the integrations work and design this big process.
It's different now. Our bridge is built. It's built and it's ready to go. It's so ready to go that in my demos, people are cutting me off still and going, wait, I'm going to use this to implement my CLM because this is a bridge to creating contract data infrastructure and I don't want to spend six months and 10 people in the legal ops team and an outsource function and a team in India, human tagging all of this with a high degree of error and inaccuracy.
I want it now and it's possible now. You could upload 10,000 contracts. They get analyzed in like a day or so because that's a pretty big number.
And then the next day you can download the CSV of all of those contracts and their data, meaning you can import that into Ironclad or CLM.
So, and so the one big insight is the way he asked the vectorization and the way I was like, oh my God, we do do that.
And I was like, oh my God, nobody. Does that? Differentiation. Right there. Every CLM should have this in their platform and they don't.
So we're creating, I want to really teach this concept. It's in my pitch. I want to teach it to every legal ops user because now with that, they can know the difference between this, this, and what they need and what they've never had and what they want.
And they know now what to ask all the vendors. So thank you, DoorDash, A, for all the delivered meals to my studio.
And B, that very scientific insight they had. And he's like, oh, you vectorized? Great. We're going forward. Because nobody does.
And he's like, I want you guys to be the sort of like data hygiene stop, pit stop in the workflow in the enterprise of our contracts.
I was like, you get it.
@15:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So that's a big, big insight.
@15:58 - Jenn McCarron
And then there was another. There are like one and a half insights where... Oh, could I, before you get into that?
Yeah, let's, before I go forward, I'll tell you those other ones later, please.
@16:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, a few questions I had, which was, I guess one, do you think vectorization is like the secret source that we would want to share?
Or is that like something that you want to hide? Because maybe CLNs might implement that, like what's the take on that?
That's a great question. Because like, oh yeah, I've had conversations with clients and then maybe after we talk about it, they're like, oh, this is kind of the secret source to how we convert prospects because no other vendor does this.
I was like, oh, okay, this makes sense. So yeah, do you think that is something to be concerned about or are you openly willing to share that?
@16:59 - Jenn McCarron
I'm going to ask. I'm I'm going to ask my co-founders their opinion and average it out. For right now, I'm going to say no gatekeeping.
Everyone should know it. And you know what? Go build it, CLMs. Do it. Like, do it. Just like I already built a dock generator and pre-sig stuff, even though, like, that's not our differentiating thing.
We'll build that if people need it to stay in window. And I've always been the kind of person, I've never been a founder, so I might be making a mistake if it's too proprietary.
But I've always been the person who finds the insight and wants to give it to everyone, even if my competitors eat it up.
So I think we can talk about it because it's functionality they need to know about in this new space where it's extremely difficult to educate on what we do versus that versus that.
And I want to be the one. I want to be the professor. You can group similar clauses. You can rank similarity in template and playbook and prior deal.
You can power a fully semantic search, which means intention, conversational. OCR gets you searchable data. Vectorization gets you smarter search and real insight, like I was saying.
And our tool brings back insights as well as the result of what you're looking for, as well as the needle in the haystack.
@19:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Another question I had, which was, is this term, vectorization, is that something people would know about? No, is it because it's a skidifier?
Okay.
@19:44 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so there's, what would, it's a, vectorizing something, like I know it from the world of graphic design. It's it's applied in the graphic design world.
When you have like a vector image versus a bitmap, a bitmap is a gathering of pixels. And when you zoom in, they lose fidelity because it's a pixel.
It's an image made up of a collage of images. When you zoom in on a vector, it does not lose fidelity.
It has, it's drawn in a way that is like, it scales to, it's a greater set of things that scale and fidelity is maintained.
And all the images in the world that we see on billboards, everything we're looking at in this UI right here, it's like largely vector-based because of that.
@21:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And then I knew it, I knew it, sorry to cut you off.
@21:54 - Jenn McCarron
I, I knew that our platform vectorized because my engineer taught me. What he built one Monday over the weekend, he's like, I was like, how'd you do this?
And he's like, it's vectorized meaning. And he showed me and told me how our platform works in breaking things down.
@22:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, the reason why he asked is because I'm assuming most of your buyers and prospects don't understand that terminology.
So let's say potentially we could coin this in a way where this is like our secret methodology. And why contracts like AI works.
it's because of this term, you know. Yeah.
@22:37 - Jenn McCarron
I'm looking at this guy's background who showed up to the meeting from DoorDash. And I see back a few jobs.
He was a quality assurance specialist, which tells me something about his brain. When you're doing QA work, weirdly, that was my first job out of college.
And I I'm on there's awangлохie. I was a QA engineer. You're very analytical and you're measuring deviations from the norm of something.
And so you're analytical, you're statistical, a lot of measurement. And so I see how his brain works. And then he fell into legal and compliance operations, contracts management.
And look, he's at a company like DoorDash in San Francisco. These places are very engineer-driven. You're sitting around with engineers.
Science is in the air. You're chatting with these people at lunch. It just rubs off on you in the environment.
You're going to know more on average about tech because they're literally inventing it at these places. Inventing the new ways to do things.
It's in the air. I think we could coin it. And I think it's something worth teaching. And standing on as what we need in a search experience, the problem is search.
What is the solution? It's vectorizing your data into a contract data infrastructure with Contracts.ai.
@24:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, I like that. That was a cool mic drop moment. And what, I guess, adding to that, what's been the craziest workaround you've seen someone build because their CLM couldn't do basic search?
@24:34 - Jenn McCarron
I'm seeing a lot of people now build in their enterprise licenses to Anthropic or to Cloud or to ChatGPT in the workflow.
They'll get the contracts into a GDRIVE or SharePoint folder and then point ChatGPT Enterprise OpenAI license at that. And then they'll sit in that window and prompt and ask questions in a very like, tell me this.
Explain to me this contract as if I'm five years old. Tell me the risks. Give me a pricing analysis.
What should I even do based on this? And it can do that. That's the only place people can have that level of, or they don't even put it into their enterprise.
They're just going out to like public chat GPT that everyone uses and throwing stuff in there at the risk of throwing stuff in there and getting immediate answers.
A lot of people are doing that. I'm sure there are some doing stuff with like the Harveys and Lagoras that have those licenses, which is great and fair.
Harvey and Lagoras and co-councils, they have breadth. They focus on many workflows, many types of document research, creation, generating.
It's not all. Five contracts to 50,000 contracts and say, find me this clause across 50,000 contracts and give me a statistical readout of how often it was used and what happened when we varied.
Our platform understands semantically what you're asking, can do analysis, insight mining, find all 50,000 and give you a summary of what happens when and when not used.
I heard this from the, I think it was the Harvey legal CEO said something like the GPTs and Anthropics of the world, the amount of prompts going through that are document-based, read this document and do something for me, it's like under 7% of the world's prompts are based on a document.
So they're not built for document scale and Harvey and Lagora are trying to get there and building for a document scale, we're built.
For the contract scale. We're built to put a million contracts in and give you that insight from 50,000 go up.
And this is the reality. DoorDash, we won't repeat this anywhere, but our customers walking through the door have 150,000 contracts.
Minimum. These are large enterprises. When I implemented CLM at Netflix, 200,000 documents was our first migration in. 200,000 contracts.
And every day, some team in legal or finance needed to find this across the mall. And I would put my head in my hands and be like, tech success, business failure.
I can't give you that quickly. I need 10 contract managers. need three lawyers to overlook this. I need your buy-in.
I need to send it to an outsourced company that will claim to have some... Productions. That's 400 productions. I knew that number very well because that was a success metric of mine.
I built some technology that was launching on every production and I got up to like 260 or 300 by the time I left.
Major feat. So we had 400 productions going at once. to give you an idea of scale of how bonkers that is and how amazing Netflix, why they win and won, it's quantity.
Disney has seven or eight productions going at once. 400. They had to shut them down. There are hundreds of people working on every production.
And this is every continent, basically, that has business on it. And they needed to know the force majeure clause because that's the clause that tells you the business, like what's what with shutting this down?
How is this contract impacted? And what are their rights? What's everyone's rights and obligations if this gets suddenly? Shut down.
I'm paraphrasing. might want to look that up. And it took two months for that group of 10 people, three lawyers, helping somewhat with our tech to date.
We were using our machine learning repository to at least drum up the piles and narrow the piles of contracts that they looked through based on the metadata we had tagged to date.
Content contracts, above-the-line actor contracts, crew, backing actors, all these different classifications. We had done a lot of work there.
So we helped make neater piles, smaller and neater. But it was still so manual, and I felt so defeated not being able to give them.
It was a costly exercise also for them to get those answers. What they needed was every contract in a sheet that had force majeure, that had a legal...
@33:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is the before where you're kind of focusing and comparing contract style AI with like CLMs, with like non-contract intelligence platforms?
@33:14 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, there's not a lot of contract intelligence prior to now. Evisort did it to an extent and called themselves that.
But their problem is they also called themselves CLM and competed on that front and then did the thing I say you shouldn't do.
They became like, whatever you said they were, they were like, yeah, where do we do that too? And I'm like, yeah, you don't.
So there wasn't a lot in that space. There were a few. And sure, Evisort started as machine learning and as an algo in 2015.
So props to them. They had the algo. It wasn't not AI. was AI at birth. And that's why I worked with them because I wanted to learn all of that and accelerate where I was working their use of.
tools and making sure they're state-of-the-art more advanced. But you were actually battling with the manual work of it all, like I just described.
Ten people, ten contract managers, three lawyers, two supervising, an outsource team, and a technology. And you're borrowing an analyst from that realm to run the technology and look at the reports and match all these sheets together and match it with tables from the big query database.
based inside the Netflix ecosystem, so you understand what show it aligns to. Fifteen people, two months, all day. Oh my gosh.
Copy-pasting the clause out for the most part.
@34:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Damn, okay. Yes, it sucks to be illegal.
@34:53 - Jenn McCarron
This is why lawyers are so unhappy, because that kind of work is hard, tedious, long. to do, just It's Thank
Hmm, okay.
@35:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What's the other 1.5 insights that you wanted to share?
@35:15 - Jenn McCarron
So, I'm on with one of the biggest legal service providers in the world in the market. They're called Consilio, just big, they've been at this a long time, probably hundreds and hundreds or more employees globally.
I think they started with like an e-discovery services company, Bend, and then they expanded their legal services division to be like, oh, you want to implement a CLM?
You want to get off that CLM? You need a strategic buddy to go redo some of your tech with?
They have every division. And I got on with the person who leads CLM. Fathom Implementations at a global scale.
He's based in London. And I take him through the demo. And at the end, he says two things that are, he's like, overall, I'm very impressed.
There's a lot here I've never seen. And these guys see every tool because they want every tool in their stable to get that customer live faster.
Sure, it pays for them to take a long time and bill. But they're all, they want success and the money from that, not a dragged out implementation that has a high degree of rejection and failure and burnout because it protracted.
And he said, number one, your platform automatically matching and familying contracts using agentic AI to read vectorization, semantic search.
It reads and the agent goes, oh, this is the MSA. This is the. their own drafts and build that timeline in their heads.
And if the person who negotiated half of those leaves, like that institutional timeline knowledge leaves, because they know it, they built it.
But how do you get that into a system? We automatically detect it through the language semantically and tag it all up.
And every customer I've shown that to goes, whoa. But for him to say it at his scale, he's like, I want this for our implementations.
He I never want to do this again manually. And he showed me, and he said, quote, no platform on the market does this in contracting.
So, major, major, that's major. Talk about data infrastructure. Now you have a family tree. And you can talk to it and go, like, what did grandpa contract have?
But what did he pass on? said I've been The So what supersedes what? And you could just ask and get the immediate answer.
You don't even have to look at the tree, but they love the tree. That was the major insight he had.
And then his minor insight was it validated that the fact that we can match the invoice from the invoice system connection to the contract and reconcile.
He's like, you're pushing into new bounds. Like this is new territory. And every company has to match invoices to contracts.
They all do it manually. So it's inaccurate. It's slow. It's not real time realization of revenue or expense going out.
And he said that's major. And he's like, I have three clients that could benefit from that right now. I'm like, yeah, every company could really benefit from it.
From that combo and the way he just... Plus, okay, enhance this workflow so it sends a trigger and a signal and this, and then on their side, it means a workflow and an approval and all, and then right back, like all of that is, will come in time.
But for right now, the bridge is the best example of the bridge into the enterprise is that invoice matching.
And he validated that as huge. And no one's doing that. Few players in the space do that. It's very new.
And I think that's what's going to be so exciting for us is we're going to help put the right search around everything at the contract, legal, or business customers of legal level, including finance, including procurement.
But when that bridge goes up, we're going into the enterprise and we're an enterprise data platform.
@41:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think there's, like, financial reconciliation, like, is that? Is a new target market, or do you think it's mostly just another use case, but a very important use case?
@42:07 - Jenn McCarron
target market. That's going to be our ICP one day. That will eclipse the legal one once all of the legal contract tools have built standard what we do now.
Few have that. It's just a big gap and chasm. And so once they all have that, that's where we're going to be right now.
That's why I keep saying 80% of our ICP are those folks that put in CLMs and the legal search and contract inquiries that can't happen.
That'll fill out with our tool. And then we'll get some procurement customers. They'll start the invoice matching. They'll start seeing and recognizing revenue more immediately.
They won't need a huge offshore team for the same volume anymore. They'll be able to shrink their costs of doing.
That work and have fewer people quality checking everything or doing more in the workflow, more work, focus on higher value work.
And we will be pulled so hard in that direction that we'll probably never look back on legal.
@43:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That is a very good vision for, I guess, the whole industry and everything. Actually, because you mentioned you were creating a pitch deck, I was wondering, did you have maybe some graphics to kind of show what that could have looked like?
Like maybe either the evolution from before to now, or in the way you see Contrax AI becoming later on?
Or maybe it's like, I remember back then you mentioned everything that, let's say, CLMs was pre-signature but post-signature. They're like, there's nothing that does that.
So Constrax AI, I could solve that. Yeah, I think... That would be quite cool. Yeah.
@44:03 - Jenn McCarron
So the pitch I'm doing tomorrow is to contract professionals, and there's a big educational gap. And it's a 10-minute slot, which means I probably have six minutes of presentation that will dilate to eight, and that's that.
And I have to be very decisive about what I say and what I need to do. So I don't have the vision of the future yet, because they've already been sold so much vision of the future that I need to teach right now what we're doing now and what this means now and what I need to validate who I am.
Why me? Why this product? Why now? And I basically, I'm not saying this directly, I would never say this, but they've been duped on vision of the future.
And so I'm picking up where the CLMs fell short. And I'm giving them, I say the bridge. This is the bridge, and I show, let's just show you.
Hang on. I can take you through some of this, but it's very story told. I teach where we sit.
It's more didactic than I show the software, common language search, what vectorization means. Look at these results. Look at these results.
This is the holy grail of months of manual work we all did. Now this is minutes.
@45:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Teaching, keep searching, keep asking.
@45:41 - Jenn McCarron
There's the family-ing bit. You need to know that this is no longer a chore. And then I teach what I've been saying to you.
This is contract data infrastructure. And this, once you have this, now you have the bridge to the enterprise. Practice that we've been talking.
It's I've in this industry for years. And sure, I'm talking about your finance tech, but I'm talking about anything.
And here's the first example we've architected that's live today. Do it to invoices. Auto-matching, reconciliation. Look at this. This is like, I'm showing, this is all new UI also.
I'm showing what's built now. And this is how I do vision. I want to show what's built now. The future's now.
I'm not selling some pie in the sky because I can't. They're all tired from that. So showing, and I end on this.
@46:45 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, nice. Again, another mic drop moment. Yeah, yeah.
@46:50 - Jenn McCarron
And you should know that I intentionally do very negative space slides. I don't do slides. I do like story visual behind me.
And this. And this. This is like, I'm Jenn, co-founder and CEO. I've spent my career inside these companies and clock, believing contracts could finally be structured, searchable, and systematized.
Then on February 29th, I took my last one live at Netflix. Took years teaching it all the things. Flipped it live, stepped back, whoa, paradigm shift.
Everything. was beautiful. And then I had a really uncomfortable thought. I realized we structured everything and no one can find .
The business can't run on it still. And if you've implemented a CLM, you know what I'm talking about because what happens after go live?
You and your team have a brief celebration, but then legal pulls up. Day one, does a search, nothing. Not because that wasn't a powerful effort.
It was. But they don't think in metadata. Day two, finance shows up and they start asking questions. Questions that need more manual work, understanding, training.
Questions Tagging, playbooks, people, playbooks, six months, playbooks. Something's missing here. And we realized the missing layer is in another workflow.
And that's my dig on all the workflow vendors. They're like, cute. Plumbing, we need you, but cute. We built the intelligence layer that makes your contract searchable in a way people and lawyers actually think and speak.
Because they speak and think like this. And then I teach. We sit alongside. We don't rip and replace. We enable common language search because of the vectorization thing.
And I show, and I show, and I show, and I show insights, conversational insights. I show this holy grail moment.
Months of manual to minutes. Boom, boom, boom, boom. family too. Now we're talking infrastructure. Now I'm talking the bridge into the enterprise.
And I mean the enterprise. Starting with this. Invoices, invoices, proof, proof, boom. Mmm, damn.
@49:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Are you going to record your pitch? I wonder if they are.
@49:09 - Jenn McCarron
I did not intend to, but do you suggest I record it?
@49:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think it would be quite cool because I guess it depends on how we frame it because I've seen a lot of maybe people where they go to like startup pitches and they actually record it and then that ends becoming like a really good hit.
I guess like for this one, is it kind of like a startup pitch or is it more like a conference?
@49:40 - Jenn McCarron
They're startup pitches, yeah. Ooh, okay. I'm pretty sure they record.
@49:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm.
@49:50 - Jenn McCarron
Okay. Meet with their producer an hour before the session. Allow me to review slides. Ensure it's set up. Reach out.
Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Will do. I'm going to ask them right now.
@50:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, would be great. Are you guys recording the pitches?
@50:10 - Jenn McCarron
Will I get access to those recordings? I remember they're a pretty sophisticated events group, so they think in terms of all of this content.
I remember seeing cameras at your New York show. So fingers crossed, because I love the recording after. for content.
Thanks, Jenn. I'll find out. Oh, awesome, awesome.
@50:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool. I think I have, like, yeah, there's so much we talked about again today. Again, I love the last, like, personal posts.
think the last two actually did pretty decent. Yeah.
@50:51 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I'm looking them up now. The last. I like. I'm in such a conversational blur that I've already lost track of when these go up because I'm like, and this is very fun for me, I love this.
I'm like, which post? I'm not looking at Harvey. I mean, even my future contracts post got 1,200 on engagement.
The oh moment got 6,000 impressions. That's great. It's solid. I started my career, are these reposts? Why did that, inside legal departments, why did that get only, oh, my master's AI, I'm speaking there, only got 2,500.
Who cares? It's an event. Every CLM is dead, not dead post. Naming, 6,000.
@51:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'll do like a reporting at the end of the month, so we kind of figure out like, what is working, what is not, nothing.
But, yeah, I think like, just the ones where you've had like, sappies. So just with Fani, I think those have been pretty nice.
think there's a lot of people who really like looking forward to seeing you win. I think that's really good, like, validation and support as Vasa.
@52:14 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@52:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
A lot of, like, first-degree connections that end up liking those posts, which is nice.
@52:19 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, they root me on, a lot of people rooting on Quietly and Out Loud, which is, and they take turns, like, sharing that.
And what I've been doing anecdotally is every person I see or catch up with from my network over the last few years, I say to them, in case you haven't noticed, I'm fully back on LinkedIn.
And every one of them goes, I know. I'm seeing all your stuff. Yeah, so it's working. The dialogue, the narrative is penetrating the wall.
And I think it's cutting through because we're using real experience, authentic voice, numbers, facts, Bloomberg.
@54:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
your face and your personality. So I think worth testing for sure. Let's do it.
@54:07 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@54:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
One final question. What's been the, like, one of the or most valuable advice you've received from a mentor, colleague, or team member that's helped you build a contract for AI?
Or it could be a few.
@54:30 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, my friend, my friend Sam Flynn, who's COO at Joseph Legal, this week, we caught up after a while.
He's been a founder for seven years, me, seven months. And he said, you get really good at knowing what balls to drop.
And you have to be dropping balls all the time. It is impossible to do everything. And don't, like, you can't.
Fathom a byproduct of endurance and having a long-range view and being able to have, like, if you think about it in a physical way, like cardiovascular, mental, physical, spiritual, emotional, intellectual endurance, to just stay the course on this and take in all the mistakes, all the learnings, the thing that went well, the customer that screamed at you, change the product, change the product.
And innovate on that product. The product will become good, but it becomes good because you've endured and you've given it a long, a marathon approach.
And so that actually really changed my thinking. And I have recalibrated my clock to be, this is an athletic event also.
I take everything in work to an athletic performance level. I train so that I can crank, but I have to recover.
So I'm training more. I'm doing more work and recovery like a marathoner. Hit boot camp. It's lifting heavy things over the long term.
And the biggest discovery I had in becoming a weightlifter is every two months I need a week off from lifting heavy.
And everything in my body has to reset or else I'll hurt myself because that happened. And I find in that week all I do is eat and sleep.
I'm like, ah, because the muscle is finally recovering. And so I just take a long range view of training and I do the cardio that's needed, but I don't do all this running.
And I feel like a lot of startup life is like, we're running, we're stacking on miles. And I'm like, yeah, but you can't lift a weight and you're skinny fat.
@59:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How do you, I guess, balance that? Like the startups where you kind of have to just hustle and do whatever it takes versus and the balancing of like, this is a long term sport.
We have to kind of pace things out, make sure we don't burn out. That's we're doing Are there any tactical things that you do to maybe recover or just remind yourself that I may have to, yeah.
I do.
@1:00:09 - Jenn McCarron
I make sure I concentrate on one other thing in life in a rigorous way that teaches me how to make something or build, whether it's like learning a new piece of music, like on the piano.
So making sure those look like that workout program is always running. Like it's very easy to just go, oh, I'm so busy and push the workout program.
And now you're not training your body and like in a certain way and stretching and opening up at the gym.
And like I do a lot of hanging, like all these things to reverse like desk posture. It's with discipline, never letting go of those things.
And I will, I might learn the new piece on a piano this week that like is one of my favorite songs from childhood.
Before I make that guy his chart to go compare the platform. So it's like you have this rigorously prioritized goal for the business right now.
And literally, if something doesn't fit into that, I don't do it right now. I put it on the backlog of maybe later when things shift.
And look, not every minute of every day is booked intentionally because I need open space to be able to create, synthesize the story, work on the pitch deck, et cetera, switch my brain mode.
And you need space to do that, actually, not a crammed calendar. And playing a piano or going to the gym, those are space-inducing activities that just help you come off the screen.
And your brain's working, so still synthesize everything your brain wants to do. But people lose sight of those things, and those things are recovery activities.
Or I'll go really hard for like 14 days straight with startup work because it's busy and it is back-to-backing.
And then I'll just, I'll take two or three days where I'm just completely, I'm off. I'm not on the screen doing it the same way so I can just let everything come back together.
And it's sleep, it's nutrition, it's making sure that other things, people, social, family, things are happening to change my, what's in front of me.
So I can come back refreshed. If we don't come back refreshed, ooh, you can really go down the wrong, the wrong lane.
And if you go down the wrong lane, I've heard this advice in startups, it's like, it can have seismic outcomes.
Like not small, but like big because we're such a small company and team. So you have to be so intentional.
Unlike if you're working in a corporate thing, everything is so swim lane. think that we the tax. Corporate, that if you go down the wrong lane, can kind of quickly, like, and then go down this one.
Here, you can really mess things up and have impact that's like, crap, I lost that deal, or crap, I just made us a CLM accidentally because I wasn't paying attention.
That was a funny one.
@1:03:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I actually also have, like, a someday maybe list as well. Like, any new idea that pops into my mind, that's not relevant to maybe my focus areas, I just plot it there, and my brain just forgets it.
And then every now and then, if I kind of have a bit of blank space, I go back to that list, and then just see, oh, is there anything that we could prioritize, and I could kind just start ranking that.
@1:03:45 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, that is the same thing I'm describing, and we all need that tool in our lives, and in the business of the startup, and in the in-house corporate job.
So dire. It's so, the stakes are so high that there's an element of being in a startup that make that even more clear, even clearer.
And I appreciate the startup for that.
@1:06:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Another random idea just popped up while you were talking about the UX designer. Have you ever, because I remember back then you mentioned that you were looking to create like a new logo.
And one of the ideas that popped up was like, have you considered maybe, or us potentially making a post, kind of crowdsourcing multiple logo ideas and see what people would like?
Oh my God, that's such a good idea. That's been something I've seen that's like working quite well in like a lot of the tech spaces.
It's like, oh, we have these few options. I'm not sure how to decide. And maybe have like a poll or just people comment on like number one, number two, number three.
And then based on that, it's like, okay, like we love this. Like a lot of people will really enjoy.
@1:08:00 - Jenn McCarron
I with her yesterday, so that she can use any element of the storytelling in the website story and POV.
And she loved it. And I wrote, like, you know, I have the vectorization bit in the slides. And I was like, did you think that was too technical?
She's like, it is. I'm like, but I have to teach them it. So I'm going to open up that moment in the presentation, go, show of hands, does anyone know what vectorization means?
And she goes, ooh, audience engagement. I'm like, I'm really good at creating audience engagement and pulling them in. I do it.
Obviously on LinkedIn. I've done it in all the music performance I've ever done. I do breakdown sections in the song.
And I'm like, you guys learn this part. You learn this. Everybody sing, stop, halt, change the outro. And people love that.
And there was one band I was in where I would do a poll of the audience. We were a medley band.
I'd be like, what do you want us to play next? Here's your choices. And they would applaud. We were always going to play Bohemian Rhapsody outro.
But the fact that they were in the mix voting and think they thought they had a It's like the oldest trick in the book, my designer said yesterday.
Now, we should do this. That's a brilliant, brilliant idea. And like, I'm creative. I'm artistic. People might have a lot of fun engaging in that and just seeing inside the process.
@1:09:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah. And like the kind of all lines with the kind of built-in public narrative that we're trying to portray as well.
@1:09:24 - Jenn McCarron
So amazing.
@1:09:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think I have everything for this week. As I mentioned, like, I will send through some kind of rough analysis of just posts that we've done.
Obviously, there's not that many out there, but just some rough patterns on like what we could double down on.
And yeah, I'll send through the drafts to you also later this week as well. Yeah. Any questions or anything before we finish off for today?
@1:09:51 - Jenn McCarron
No, I'm feeling pretty good.
@1:09:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice. Oh, actually, just an FYI. I'm hopping on for there. An onboarding call with John in about 45 minutes, so pretty excited about that as well.
@1:10:05 - Jenn McCarron
That is amazing. I cannot wait to hear John's voice on LinkedIn. It's like his nightmare is to kind of put himself out there, and I'm excited for him to do this because I think it will help.
It helps. It helps put it out there.
@1:10:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. I think just from my conversation with him, I probably have to kind of teach him and educate him on, like, how to do this kind of stuff because I'm assuming he's not as, yeah, definitely not as vocal and has such a personality like you.
So it would require me to kind of pull him out and try to show certain sides of him.
@1:10:44 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, he has, like, he has a lot of ideas, and he's always, like, pinging me, like, the this, the that, and the creative spark of the idea, the pitch, the thing to do.
Like, it's there, and he vocalizes it to me. He has since I've known him in this endeavor, but putting it out there is different, and it also makes it in some ways more permanent.
A lot of the way he ideates is very fleeting, creative startup. It reminds me of total ADD brain. It's like, now we're doing this, now we're this, now we're this.
And anything I say, it's like, yes, yes, yes. And when you put it out there, becomes part of a larger narrative.
And so I'll have to, you know, get comfortable standing behind those things. I'm excited for you guys.
@1:11:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Awesome. Appreciate it. Cool. Lovely to chat. And all the best with the presentation this week. I hope it goes well and can be updated on just any cool people you meet, also photos.
@1:11:46 - Jenn McCarron
I'm going to try to get a lot of photos.
@1:11:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Whether it be photos of you from the event organizations or like just selfies with other prospects or just people that you know, I think that'd be quite cool.
@1:11:59 - Jenn McCarron
Awesome. Will do. Thanks, husband. Talk to you very soon. Yeah.
@1:12:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Bye, Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Week 5 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 74 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sorry to be late.
@0:01 - Jenn McCarron
I still don't have the audio I like to use on. I'm very frustrated. My whole audio setup has just died suddenly.
@0:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, no. Did you die your hair? No, it's just light.
@0:16 - Jenn McCarron
They're on in the room. I think it's hitting the back of my head.
@0:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Ah, because looks blue. was like, oh, very fashionable. I like it.
@0:24 - Jenn McCarron
Very, uh, it's very blue. I have a lot of, like, studio lighting going on in here. LED-colored lights.
@0:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice. Um, how'd your week?
@0:37 - Jenn McCarron
So far, so good until this audio stopped working. Everything's, everything's great. I mean, the best news ever, we signed our first Enterprise customer yesterday.
@0:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, congrats. Thank you so much. Huge master. So is this, like, the first pilot? Partner?
@0:55 - Jenn McCarron
There's not a pilot. We piloted. We already cleared that phase. And, and, This is the first enterprise customer.
@1:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh my gosh, even better. Yeah.
@1:07 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, that's why you kept talking about launch and stuff, and I was telling you all along, we're launched. We've been piloting to various degrees of pilot, and we cleared the onboarding, the cyber risk questionnaires, et cetera, and we're ready to go.
Oh my gosh.
@1:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, I feel so good, especially, like, I feel like I'm part of this journey as well for some reason, but it feels nice.
@1:32 - Jenn McCarron
You are on this journey for sure, especially with, you know, the work we do together with the LinkedIn. And if in a few short weeks, I mean, what have we been at it?
Four weeks? Three weeks?
@1:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, four weeks. Yeah. Yeah.
@1:48 - Jenn McCarron
It's working, and I'm getting so many signals from partners in the ecosystem and from customers, people getting back, people getting on my calendar.
We the LinkedIn posts there. I had dinner last night with a potential partner at a CLM company, a guy from iSertis, and we had tagged him in one of the posts and said, iSertis acquiring Dioptra.
@2:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's the move.
@2:16 - Jenn McCarron
Get the speedboat to pull the tanker. And it got their attention. It got his attention. And he kept quoting my posts to me all night.
But he's like, there's something about you, me, that's like real and realist. And I speak from a place of experience, not your typical founder who hasn't always done the job, but is solving in the space.
And he was, I quoted every post. Oh, wow.
@2:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's so good. Did you know the person prior?
@2:50 - Jenn McCarron
No, he, nope. And that's, what's really cool too, is he doesn't know me. And I came into the fore for
Him recently, and he's like, oh, okay, like, ish, but he doesn't know me. didn't follow me for the years before.
Like, he's going to go talk to his colleague at Isertus, a woman, Bernadette, and she knows me. I've done podcasts with her and a lot of community stuff, but he doesn't.
And so to flip people who are new means it's especially working and hooking them in. Yeah, yeah.
@3:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We're reaching, like, the right people as well. And I think that's the part about LinkedIn that a lot of people don't realize, which is you really have to be there, done that as a founder to kind of share these expertise, share these insights.
Yeah. And, yeah, you kind of always have to assume you're writing to strangers because essentially that's what we're trying to do, reach people who don't know who we are.
Exactly, yeah.
@3:52 - Jenn McCarron
And even though, like, a bunch of people from the clock world, the legal ops world, know me or know...
Of me, parasocially know me, or know me personally, they have to get to know me again as a founder with a different story and a problem I'm solving.
And so there's so much room there to even engage and pull them into new dimension here, plus the people who don't know me.
And for, you know, every one person that knows me, there are a hundred who don't in this industry still.
And legal ops people who may have come in at this moment where I was going out, and so they might not know me so actively.
So it's powerful. It's, to me, it's like really working. I see a different, I see a pickup in the demos, in my calendar being full.
I don't even know how people are getting on my calendar. Do I have the link up somewhere for my Calendly?
I don't think so.
@4:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm not sure. I don't think on LinkedIn. Then at least. Interesting. Yeah, I don't even know.
@5:05 - Jenn McCarron
I'm like, who are these people and how are they on my calendar? I don't know. I don't have an assistant.
So it's working and I'm excited about it.
@5:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, amazing. I was reflecting the other day as well about like just our partnership. I'm like, wow, Jenn's like my favorite founder to work with.
Like you provide so many cool insights, so many interesting stories and your energy, the personality that you bring is like so amazing.
So, yeah, I've enjoyed this a lot. Thank you.
@5:39 - Jenn McCarron
Thank you. I love being the favorite. It just means we're having fun. Yeah, yeah.
@5:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I really wanted to dig into specifically the conference, especially like how it went. But then also you shared the notes or like the notes with the team and then you kind of shared that with me as well.
I really wanted to. I'm dig a few deep into those. But yeah, first, how was the conference? How did that go?
@6:06 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, the conference was great. It was a small group, so very focused. And you get surface area with a lot of different in-house people doing contracts.
And it spanned legal GCs down to legal ops people across to procurement. And it drew a lot of regional people, which is great.
Because then you get a local regional swath of people from Miami who big companies, they're big businesses, but it's not like San Francisco and New York big.
So you're getting a second city market that doesn't always get the love and attention. And so they take these opportunities very seriously to network, to learn.
And I sense that in the attendance, in the room, in the focus, there to learn, there to pick up everything that's new and make some contacts to have future demos.
audience. Thank Thank Thank you. Thank you.
@6:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Thank And so you're also in a conference this Friday as well?
@7:05 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, and I anticipate it will be the same but not as impactful in that a lot of the attendees at this Friday's conference are law firm people based in and around Charlotte, North Carolina.
Now, there's a lot going on in Charlotte. There's some major U.S. global banks like Wells Fargo might be headquartered there, Bank of America.
Major, but it's not Miami. And so when you go law firm on the whole thing, everything gets 25 times more boring and more slow and less innovative.
And people can just, for the reasons that are, the culture of the law firm, you could just go there and atrophy in all ways.
I'm not saying law firm people aren't sharp as hell. They're sharp as hell. And they're... They're out there in the world doing very important work, but their incentive to innovate is not – on the tech side, they can just let tech people sit there for 30 years in the job and the people suck.
And they're like, well, they're loyal, so they keep the job. In corporate, in Fortune 500 and the Fortune 1, they're like, you suck?
@8:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Goodbye.
@8:21 - Jenn McCarron
And they push you out. You're kind of great. Goodbye. You're out because the political thing. And it just moves differently.
Tech does as well, especially in California, where I've worked for so many companies in years. So I'm not anticipating as, like, big of a thrust, but I think I can come away from this Friday with, you know, 25 more people have me on their radar.
Follow me on LinkedIn and then get fed the story. Oh, awesome.
@8:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. I think, like, we've kind of almost grown by, like, 500 or something followers since we worked together. So, yeah.
Yeah. only been like a matter of like a month. So really cool. And they're all like our ICP, you know, really high fit.
So it's just a matter of when they start having conversations with us. One of the comments you mentioned was around leading with a diagram in your presentation.
I'm keen to kind of hear more about that because I remember we were also discussing that, like maybe creating some visual to kind of represent.
But like what sort of diagram were you kind of referencing or?
@9:32 - Jenn McCarron
Wait, I was referencing a diagram?
@9:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think in the, wait, me, let me do the shape of Slack. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.
you very much. I remember it was something around how like the other speakers like Ivo wasn't leading with a diagram or something.
There was something around like confusion or conflicts.
@10:15 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, two. Oh, got it. Two things.
@10:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
feedback from the pitch.
@10:19 - Jenn McCarron
Feedback from this person. So I did my presentation at like 5 o'clock at night towards the end of the day wrap up, my 10-minute pitch.
And sometimes like a good measure of how effective my presentation is, is how long do people stick to me for the rest of the day, evening, events, et cetera.
And I was with people until 1130 at night and we were having a blast chatting and connecting. And we kind of had to be like, we have to go.
It's very late. We would have kept going, just talking and connecting. And the two women I was with until the end were Legal Tech at Amazon and Legal Tech.
And a lawyer at Salesforce. And that's big for me because that shows I'm speaking in the pitch, in the presentation to big company and, you know, Fortune 500 needs gaps problems.
And they were saying things like, oh my God, I didn't even realize this was a problem. I just thought this was the mediocre state of legal tech that they have to work that way in forever.
And I'm like, no, we're about to make a big jump forward in finding what you need, et cetera, in the contract.
So the Amazon woman said to me, she's like, my only piece of feedback for you is, trying to find the window.
Do I have it open? I just had to close. Yeah, I have it open. The only piece of feedback is our platform has a feature that auto-families auto-relates all the contracts once it.
you. Fathom its analysis and extraction. That's one of the things amongst the 100 plus fields it does. And it puts it into a visualized diagram where you see like MSA agreement, child agreement, the addendum, related agreement, amendment, related agreement, SOW.
Let's see if I can just show you this quickly. It does this. This is a kind of a crude example of a few in our test environment where it related amendments to their MSA agreements.
Great.
@12:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So you can click on any of this.
@12:44 - Jenn McCarron
You see this is an amendment. You see why they're related with language evidence relating them. Great. Okay, great. And you can come out of this and say, well, play And got good.
What are the latest pricing terms on amendment, whatever? And the ask will come back with the answers on all the terms, whatever you ask it.
The ask knows what changed, what didn't, what's inherited, what wasn't, and has the intelligence to give you the latest.
So, number one, Amazon woman said, okay, we talked, I talked about this like two-thirds of the way into the, in my presentation.
And I even admitted in my presentation, and not to bury the lead here, but we auto-family everything. You never have to do that again across your corpus, and then you can ask against it.
He said to me, okay, so you said that two-thirds of the way through, Ivo does this as well. And they said that two-thirds of the way through their big lunchtime demo, one-hour demo.
And she said, did you notice that all the people in the Ivo demo were like, wait, what? Wait, what do you do?
Wait, what? Show me this diagram. Wait, what? There was like five, wait, what? And she's like, you know why they were doing that?
Because they couldn't believe this is now automatically possible. And they needed to hear it five times to understand that that is actually true.
And then when they finally learned through that demo woman that it was true, they were like, oh, whoa, an Amazon woman said to me, you need to lead with that.
That's the most important thing. She said that. And then last week when I demoed our platform to the head of CLM implementation at Consilio, a major, major legal services company that implements anything globally in huge companies, majorly successful.
The guy that runs the CLM implementation unit, when we wrapped our call, he said, that's the most amazing thing going on here.
That doesn't exist in the market. That is going to help us tremendously. And I have momentum with Consilio now, and they may want to bring it in themselves for implementations, let alone for customers.
In the past, every legal person has to do this diagramming and relating themselves. Maybe the CLM lets them tag it, but they had to do the finding and the tagging and the linking.
And then when a legal person has to answer a question on, like, what's the latest pricing, they will sit here and reread the document and engineer all of that intelligence and timelining of terms in their brain.
It's such a burden, and it's such an important business question they're being asked. Probably several times a day or a week.
And a legal person has to go through largely and figure this out and answer the question for the business.
Now they can come in and just say, what are the latest pricing terms on that MSA with Warner? And it'll just answer.
@16:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I wonder if we should create a post about this and maybe like have you demo this video. like in a video, like it could just be a Loom video, you recording your screen and running through that because, yeah, like right now it doesn't like from the website or anything, it feels like this wow factor isn't really displayed as much, but I think if we can show this, it'll be quite cool.
Yeah, I think so.
@16:52 - Jenn McCarron
And I think I, I can find like, I could find the demo agreements. I have a good visual over.
She also gave me the feedback. When you show that, show something really gnarly. Show something with a lot of relationships.
She's like, think of Ivo's image that they show. It's beautiful and big and spidery, and we need something like that.
So I can get that set up also for sure.
@17:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And I think another reason for this is like, we can use LinkedIn to test which features people love, and then we could use that as feedback for pitch decks or for conferences.
You know, so it's like, oh, this really resonated, and people really like this. Okay, let me add it to my pitch deck.
Yeah. I kind of want to double click on that phrase you mentioned around, like, people are so used to mediocrity.
And didn't realize, like, manually searching stuff to finances for months is, like, not normal. Is that a common mindset that people have?
Or was that kind of specific to her? Or just conversations you have with other people as well? Is that a pattern?
@18:17 - Jenn McCarron
It's a pattern, yeah. They're used to... What the Amazon woman reflected back to me, what she kept saying, I didn't even know this was a problem.
I just thought this was how things were. That means that many buyers have been conditioned to lackluster feature sets and performance, and varying degrees of performance.
They're really good at one thing, but the software isn't good at B, C, D, E, F. And, like, you really need to get to G.
Like, that's the objective truth is we, as an industry, legal tech, legal tech... Need to get to G, which is helping optimize revenue, how deals are done, speed of business, deal closings.
We have to get the CFO's attention and we don't, legal tech doesn't have it because something dies along the way or they get so mired down in the minutia of all the pre-sig and the features and the workflows as part of that.
That's A and B, like intake, templates, workflows, deal transparency, contracts online, you can see the trains running, but when it hits that repository, which I'll call like E, I'll call that like DEF, it's a void, it's manual.
And they're used to that being manual, so they're conditioned in some ways to search for something for six weeks to produce the report.
Port of the Clause across 100,000 Agreements. The finance is used to manually reading the contract and then keying in the numbers over here.
They're conditioned to a point it's outsourced to like a outsourcing function, maybe sitting in the Philippines somewhere overseas. They're conditioned and we're coming in going, you don't even need that anymore.
Bring it back to the U.S. have one person at the desk, monitor the agent doing all the matching. So, yeah.
Is it a pattern? I think it's a pattern, but I don't know if, does everyone know that? I think they know that.
I think they know that. They're looking, they're all looking in the market for the next thing.
@20:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
But then, is this like a, I didn't know this was a problem or I just thought this was how things were done?
Because I guess those are quite... Two different things, know, it's like status quo versus, oh, like, problem unaware, and we're trying to kind of open up, like, this is actually a problem, here's why, here's the second, third order consequences down the line.
@21:17 - Jenn McCarron
I didn't know this was a problem, or versus, this is status quo. I don't, I think it's, in a weird way, it's both.
I think there's status quo. I think what happened for that woman was, what she knew as status quo, after my speaking to her and pitching about the pain of how we do the work, she moved, she went, wait, what?
That's not status quo. That's not a problem. she shifted her, yep, she shifted her definition and went, wait, that is how we do everything, and it's slow, and it's manual, and finance.
still doesn't know. And finance is still guessing. After all this work we're doing on CLM, they still don't know what the deal financials are quickly or easily.
So yeah, I think I showed that. And sometimes you don't, sometimes the human brain like doesn't, it doesn't know something is a, we're very easily conditioned into thinking our status quo is fine.
And we don't know that it is the worst until we step out into a different part of a gathering of people, community, the world, a conference called Future Contracts, where you have people like me and Spellbook and Ivo coming going, look at this, look at this.
I mean, that is powerful. There were only AI companies there. And, and together we were all showing it, like Spellbook showed a big visualization of
Vectorization, and did almost an academic lecture on it in the morning. I was like, this is great. By the time I mention it, they'll have heard it once.
And I will never have to put a database icon in my deck because, no, I don't want to do that.
My deck is more concept and negative space conceptual storytelling.
@23:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And so, just to close that thought out, like, that's what happened.
@23:26 - Jenn McCarron
Like, she came to a place where the future of contracts people met her and said, but look at this.
And she went, oh, my God. I had this experience. I mean, we won't write about this, but, like, personally, in my 20s, I started going to certain community groups around, I don't know, just, like, trauma, recovery, family dynamics.
And I learned from people mirroring another way of, like, growing up, life, living, functioning every day. I was like, oh, my God.
The household I grew up in, something was wrong. People were mired down by stress and economic factors, addictive factors, and behaving in a way that I had a feeling, but I never had it mirrored to me from the outside in.
And I had a fundamental shift in me when I was 25 years old where I was like, okay, my status quo of growing up is actually textbook awful.
And now that I have that awareness, I can make choices every day where I make my status quo and my version of good and my version of great go in a place where I never knew and couldn't see growing up in that.
So, I don't know. It's just an example of like our brains don't know until somebody or something comes along and just pierces and goes, hey.
There's a better way to do this. And my, you saw the deck and the story I told, I was like, I am you.
I've done this more times than you. I've succeeded.
@25:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I've failed.
@25:11 - Jenn McCarron
I've been touted as a winner, a loser, all the things on day one. And so I earned their credibility instantly and was like, why are we spending so much time on something to fail on day one and two with legal and finance?
And so I got them. And then I was like, oh, look how you can do it now. Oh, look how you can do it now.
Oh, not to bury the lead. This now. This now. And Amazon woman was like.
@25:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I just, I feel like this could be like a, not phrase, but more like an inspirational, motivational post for people in a way where you don't, not like kind of phrasing as like mediocrity, but you should never settle for anything less than, as I said, like there are better ways of doing things.
That kind of angle. Even that right there might be.
@26:00 - Jenn McCarron
A really good, just motivational thing for them because we're not done with solving in the contract space. But people might think we are because they've been in it for five years, for 10 years.
Even I was with this Isertus guy last night, right? Isertus is a sinking ship, like objective. Like they're awful.
Nobody likes them, but they're in a thousand plus customers because they're rigorous. They've hit it. And I'm telling this sales guy who's a lot older than me about my product.
And I watched him tune out for a second and he cut me off at the end and goes, oh, you should really see a demo of Isertus and what we're doing with our AI, this or that.
And I said, with all due respect, Doug or whatever his name was, David, I would love to see an Isertus demo because I always want to be up to date on how you are all advancing.
But no way are you doing search like we are. . . That's all we're focused on with the best LLMing.
And I have an ex-Google engineer who's relentless, and you don't. So no way you're doing our one thing. Well, maybe you're doing 29 things.
Well, I want to see it. I want to partner with you guys. But don't start with me on like you're doing it because you're not.
If you were, you would have like been in the market in a new and loud way winning business. I'm winning business.
And I said to him, like, I'm at this five months and I closed an enterprise deal. Today. Don't talk to me about your search.
@27:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Mic drop. Yeah. Oh, I love that. Did you manage to talk with a person from Salesforce or was it just Amazon maybe?
Yeah, I talked with her all night too.
@27:46 - Jenn McCarron
She's awesome. And like I have demos going with scheduling for both of those people and their companies. And Salesforce lady was like a lawyer who worked at a couple big companies.
See next week. She then went into a startup and loved it. Then the startup was acquired by Salesforce. So she went up into Salesforce Legal.
She's a lawyer that believes and likes legal tech and legal ops, but she's like a minority. And we were talking and she said such two things.
She's like, Jen, you know, most lawyers hate legal ops and don't care. I'm like, I know I've worked with them for over a decade.
I know. And like some of the only ways I can win them is like this black magic. Like, let me handle this one little thing with like a workflow or a tool and it'll go faster for you.
But so she was saying that, but she's of the ilk of like, she'll help the legal ops person and she'll stick her head in and try to make it a success because she likes innovation.
She's like, but what the legal ops person sends this woman who's a lawyer with an interest in legal tech workflow from Ironclad.
And it's like time to fill in all your metadata. And she's like, I have to sit there as a lawyer.
Paid, you know, really well to do hard work and do metadata tagging. And she's like, Jen, it's the bane of my existence.
And I'm like, even if you're like, you're not college educated and you're like a lower value, like hourly worker that's doing data entry, this is a waste of their time and your company's money.
Like people shouldn't be paid to do that ever again. And she saw in my platform, because I frame it as manual metadata tagging is over.
It's over. And I say it over and over. So they know some of this breakthrough stuff that they don't hear and see because some, some of these salespeople, they're busy just selling vision that doesn't exist.
And, you know, these salespeople launch into a sale before they're done listening to. The etc. And I'm just cutting through all the noise with Signal on these like big takeaways.
And those people got it.
@30:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I am more and more certain that we should create a like product video or video recording of you talking about these features.
Like the meta tagging, like the older family, like, because as you mentioned, like people are over-promised and they never really see it.
And that's why you've kind of showed screenshots of the product working. And so I think this is just another way to show proof.
Like this is actually real. This is living. This is working. And here's the future today. I definitely think we should do that.
@30:48 - Jenn McCarron
Love it. And yeah, we could do that. I'm prepared to do loom style stuff quickly. I can also less quickly.
I do a more produced video. In fact, we're just about ready with the new website. I just approved like most of the new website design and copy.
And part of the redesign, which will all go live in a few weeks, is I have to do a longer product video for the homepage that's like of the new UI and just improved scripting and everything.
So that's in the queue, but like these smaller ones to just like 30-second hitters. could do them with Loom.
@31:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Yeah, yeah. 30 seconds, one minute. And it's like, you don't want to over-cram all the features in one video.
Like they just wouldn't be able to get it. So it's like one video per feature kind of thing. And maybe for bigger features or bigger launch.
But yeah, this one's like the meta tagging, like it's confirmed that this is like a mind-blowing thing. But also this is a, like a stamp in the industry.
You're like, this is over. This is the movement kind of thing. So definitely we should do this. I love it.
@32:07 - Jenn McCarron
One feature per small video. Love it.
@32:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And maybe because I'm not sure if existing customers know of new features that are released, but this is also a way to engage with existing customers.
Oh, we have this feature out. Give it a try. And then also attracting prospects in the market as well.
Wow. And then we could also, like, I don't know, do it on a regular cadence, whether it be every two weeks or every month.
It's like, oh, this month we have a new feature. Like, next month we have another feature. And so people are like, oh, Contracts.ai is, like, releasing so many interesting stuff.
And, like, I've just been following the development of the product. Like, they're constantly shipping. Like, these guys are killing it.
Like, that's kind of the perception that we want to communicate.
@32:55 - Jenn McCarron
I love this idea. Yes. I'm like, you know, I'm dying. I'm do videos in our strategy.
@33:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm dying.
@33:06 - Jenn McCarron
I'm dying to because I'm already winning with what we're doing in writing. It's working. It's cutting through all the AI slop that people write and start to put in really meaningful, digestible video content.
They're learning. It's engaging. They come away smarter. I mean, even last night, the sales guy was like, I read your vectorization post.
I had no idea what that term meant. And I was like, wow, five minutes prior, you're telling me your search is better than mine?
You don't even know how to sell.
@33:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What?
@33:47 - Jenn McCarron
What? But that, like teaching people, giving it away, engaging, showing these features that are breakthrough. Love.
@33:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I saw in your comments, a person mentioned. And another way of saying vectorization is embedding. Is that true? Yeah, that's another.
@34:05 - Jenn McCarron
Leave it to a data scientist or an engineer to show up and just start. They just need to add technical words so they feel like they're kings of the world, which they kind of are.
@34:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sure, yeah.
@34:18 - Jenn McCarron
Embeddings is another way to look at that. But that doesn't...
@34:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Which word?
@34:25 - Jenn McCarron
Embeddings, we should use vectorization. And just pick one technical term at a time. Because people can understand... Like, I'm a regular person with a little bit of a tech understanding.
And I'm creative. And I know all those terms. People can understand... Regular people can understand vectors. But embedding with an LLM, to me, doesn't make sense.
Like, what? So let's just...
@34:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Embedding what?
@34:56 - Jenn McCarron
Like, and where? Yeah.
@34:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@35:00 - Jenn McCarron
But like vectorizing, I watched Spellbook do a presentation on vectorizing before I did, and they took the same exact route I took, which is, hey, you take this contract of words and that you code segments of it to numbers.
And when the numbers go through and come back from an LLM, it's not a word-for-word string text. It's concepts.
It's combos of clauses. It's risk equals that one, that, that. Risk equals one, seven, 17, and half of 11.
That's easier to understand than embedding. Yeah, yeah, sure.
@35:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay, that's good. Another thing you mentioned in those notes was, for what it's worth, I do not believe in legal operations system, in a legal operations system.
Could you speak that? operating system.
@35:58 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so. Many companies in the SaaS space have been trying to solve, have been solving in the operating system for X, for this piece of the business, for many, many years.
And I don't know how well they do. Like, high Q is an example of someone in legal who is like, we're going to be your single pane of glass, everything, where all of legal comes in and sees all of legal's everything, knows where to start anything, and everything.
They use these terms, and it's the biggest, like, turn-off for me, because I solve, my brain just wants to solve, like, the one thing.
I don't like the term one-stop-shop, and operating system is just a veiled term for one-stop-shop. And achieving a one-stop-shop is impossible in technology, and anyone who has sold that, good luck.
Look, unless you're Apple, and Apple's not even a one-stop shop. They do really well at certain things, but not everything.
So I was with this company called Sandstone. They're a legal tech AI startup, very new. They came out of Stealth in September when we came out of Stealth and launched.
They launched, and somehow, a couple weeks ago, they pulled a $10 million seed round out of Thin Air, coming out of Stealth in September.
Do they have customers? I don't know. I wound up getting friendly with the woman there representing Sandstone. She's actually really cool and someone I want to recruit to work for us in the future.
Like, we hit it off at a great night. Like, Jennifer is her name, New York-based.
@37:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, yeah.
@37:58 - Jenn McCarron
She said something. Something like, I was like, how did those guys, your four founders who were like guys in their 20s in the workforce for a very short time, but impressive resumes, how'd they do that?
And she said they're extremely plugged in, they're McKinsey guys, extremely plugged in to the VC network. So their boss knew the VC guy, knew the this, and you know what these VC companies do.
They all bet on, they go, those guys, that, LegalOS, Operating System, big vision, let's put all of our VC might behind it, and they can falsely, they can create a unicorn, at least a unicorn starting point.
And that's what they've done. I don't know if they have customers. And I said to her, how the hell is that going to work?
I didn't challenge her product yet. I just challenged her founders. And I said, how's that going to work? How old are these guys?
How? How do they know at that value? But like, if they know at that value, I, Jenn, know at 10x the value.
Why didn't I get a $100 million check on my idea? And she made a face and said that, and she basically said, these guys are smart, of course, plugged in, but they're all like ego.
And she's like, it'll implode. I'm like, great. And then my mind, I'm like, I will call her and hire her once it does, because she will be unhappy.
@39:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
But I don't believe in the operating.
@39:26 - Jenn McCarron
I just don't believe in the operating system. It is a fragmented landscape of tools. And there's a lot of negative space where we haven't solved yet for that workflow, for legal, for legal to finance, like what we're solving for.
How can you promise this, like, operating system single pane of glass when we're all still solving?
@39:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Have you seen or heard of stories where maybe, like, people in the legal, like... Try to use a legal operating system and just kind of crash or burn or waste a lot of money or time.
@40:07 - Jenn McCarron
Whenever I heard people talk about Haikyuu as an example of one that was going for that, this is like pre-generative AI, was like two, three years ago and back, but whenever I heard people say Haikyuu, I would lean in on the call and be like, how's that going?
And they'd make a face. And I saw it on the pitch, but I'm amazed that people don't, they can't cut through that stuff on their pitches that they get, their demos.
They get sold a vision and then it's very hard to realize for all the things at play. It's not the software company's complete failure.
It's the change management, the software company, the vision's too big, but the reality is just too early stage to even get to that vision.
And then people don't know how to get them from. From 0 to 0.1 to 0.2 with the tech and their complex and technical implementations, heavy change management, and people gas out.
That's just like the fact of it all, of software, especially in a legal environment. Legal doesn't care about most of this.
They don't. They are incentivized to draft the next deal, draft it faster, draft it. So that is why CLMs have focused with a good degree of success on pre-signature, because that's actually what legal cares about is the drafting, the negotiating, the redlining, having the precedent there.
That's what they care about. So there's been success and traction and adoption there. But these operating systems, you have to change how an entire pool of people think work, psychologically work, are incentivized, are rewarded.
And it's just not realistic that they will care about an operating system. Council's going to be like, I put in the operating system and now I'm getting raised.
@42:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
They don't give a .
@42:05 - Jenn McCarron
so, it's, it's, yeah.
@42:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The thing is because they're trying to solve a problem that's not a tech, can't be solved with technology. Like the infrastructure is not a technology tech problem.
@42:22 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think that's a part of it, that they're solving a people and how people in the organization are incentivized and rewarded and measured on their success.
And I'd be willing to say that into the LinkedIn writing. Legal departments' success are not measured on the operating system or the workflow or the CLM went in.
They're measured, I mean, ask your leaders what they're measured on and then try to set your strategy to solve for that and that only.
Not measured on number of tech products in there. They're just not. They're lawyers. The GC is a broad range deal lawyer.
They're measured on deals and revenue, deal size, deal numbers, deal success, and maybe the speed of the deals. And so some of this tooling and pre-sig stuff promises to accelerate deal cycles.
Yeah, you're bringing some of it online. Sure. But in the end, the lawyer's going into Microsoft Word and drafting their walled off from the world.
There's a reason why pre-sig AI tools like GCAI and some others are doing well in the AI because they've inserted some AI tooling into the Microsoft Word world.
So now they're in Word and they can go, give me a clause. Got it. How about this clause? Compare it to that.
Got it, and put it in.
@44:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Would you be open to tagging HiQ? Or just keep it general?
@44:16 - Jenn McCarron
HiQ, are they even still alive?
@44:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, that's a good question.
@44:23 - Jenn McCarron
No, oh, interesting. Cleo comes up first in the HiQ search. That is funny. Oh, Thomson Reuters acquired HiQ. Oh.
@44:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Which tells you, let me see when that happened.
@44:42 - Jenn McCarron
Acquires. And I care little about, they acquired them in 2019. Oh, okay.
@44:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, sure.
@44:53 - Jenn McCarron
Like, this is officially in the doesn't matter anymore phase of legal tech.
@44:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like, when you go into Thomson Reuters.
@45:00 - Jenn McCarron
Everyone there is moving very slowly. And, hey, look, Haikyuu had more than 400 customers, half of the global 100 largest law firm.
So they did well at a law firm, which tells you why I'm saying it won't work in-house.
@45:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@45:23 - Jenn McCarron
Very different behavior sets, tech stacks, positions inside of a large business. Whereas in a law firm, you can get every team, every practice area can have their own little worlds.
And little worlds, little kingdoms, it's all connected to a pane of glass. That's a different play than an in-house legal department.
@45:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I remember we were discussing around potentially have a SOC 2 announcement. So I think this is always like a good way of building trust.
And you mentioned that you've gotten a questions around security. So yeah, I think we should do a post around this.
Were there any specific design decisions that you and Fani came up with that made software easier or reflects security-first philosophy in a way?
I have to give that more thought.
@46:23 - Jenn McCarron
That's a deep question. Design decisions vis-a-vis the SOC 2 process.
@46:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, because I think this post could be more the frame around SOC 2 isn't just a milestone, but more of a responsibility, and this is really coming from you as a former buyer turned builder.
And so maybe back in the day, I'm not sure if you looked at SOC 2 as much when you assessed vendors.
Oh yeah, that was a minimum for always, for me as a buyer. Yeah. Yeah, so that could be like a good frame.
For this kind of post, this was one of the decision criteria that I did, and so we decided to do XYZ to 4contracts.ai.
@47:09 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think because it was a minimum requirement for me, and as soon as they had that, they basically passed Go and can go into the assessment, it showed a level of rigor, seriousness, discipline, care.
And because I was at larger scale companies, that was an instant Go passing mechanism. And with that, we tripled down our efforts on getting our first SOC 2 done in five months, in three months.
We launched in September, and we had a SOC 2 in December. Sure, it's on a few months of business, it's on three months of business, but it's on three months of business, and we produced all the controls.
A lot of that, we had to put new policy and a lot of new controls and audit mechanisms in place, so it forced our hand to get from zero to one.
One, enterprise ready. mean, we signed an enterprise deal in five months, and that was instrumental in that. And we worked really hard on that.
Even a potential funder who called me the other day is like, how'd you get that so fast? Nobody does that that fast.
And I was like, focus, making that a main priority, a first milestone. I saw who was coming through the pipeline instantly when we launched, and it was the Fortune 500.
And I was like, the most important thing I can prioritize is working on that with my co-founder. And we did, and we got it, and we'll continue on that journey to expand it.
That could be a great post.
@48:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, yeah, yeah, for sure. Okay, I might draft something, and then maybe if I think there are specific things that I might need to get you to fill out, then do so.
Or if you have anything you send me, then yeah, I could just drop it on my end.
@48:51 - Jenn McCarron
Wonderful. Cool.
@48:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Coming back to... Actually, I was thinking... I was wondering if you wanted to create a, I guess, more of the personal posts around enjoyment of public speaking.
I'm not sure if you enjoy it, but it feels like you enjoy it. love it. I love it. I love it.
@49:12 - Jenn McCarron
And we should talk about it because.
@49:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And like giving images from like your talks and conferences, like this would be like a good way of just showcasing that.
But then also potentially even sharing technical tips on like what you've done in the past to improve public speaking, maybe online, like stage presence, that kind of thing.
@49:36 - Jenn McCarron
We should talk about that because.
@49:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
This is moving.
@49:45 - Jenn McCarron
We're doing. You and I are doing content interviews at a different time next week. Okay, I'm just seeing. I'm just someone just canceled my I don't have to run right the second.
Okay. We should do that. Yeah, I'm actually doing a podcast later, and one of the fun questions I'm being asked at the end is, you know, I'm a musician, and I've had different crafts within music over the years.
And right now it's production, music production, which is different than just playing the bass. Playing the bass guitar means you're an individual contributor.
Being a music producer means you are a orchestrator, CEO of the moment, of the piece, of the creation. And he's asking, like, what's one of the things you have in common in those roles?
What do those roles teach each other, building software and being a music producer? And this ties to public speaking.
You have to, whether you're in-house in one of these jobs like I used to have, or you're in a job like mine, you have to take your ideas, your opinions, your point of view, your program, your thing you did.
you. Your project or your product that you did, and you have to go out and show it and present it to an audience.
It could be an audience of five. It could be an audience of 50. I've had 5,000. I've had 10,000.
You have to put it out there because what they say and do and how they respond shapes the product, shapes you as a speaker, shapes your point of view.
All of this is nothing until an audience or a customer comes back and goes, well, I see it this way, and I want this.
And it teaches you to listen. As a music producer, have to have like ears have ears. You have to listen so much to what serves this product.
And so often I take a piece of music or a song, if I'm working with an artist or by myself, if I do it by myself, I show it to people.
I play the song, I audition it. And I watch them and I see where they light up and where they get.
the winner. Thank I bring my niece in my studio all the time and go, listen to this song. And I watch her.
And where she clicks in, I'm like, the chorus is working. And if she gets bored, I know it's not.
And it's the same with public speaking. Public speaking is a vehicle to put your ideas out there. And putting them out there will sharpen your ideas for the work you do in there, in your job, in your company, doing legal ops at Bank of America.
It'll help sharpen you. And what people lose sight of in public speaking is like, they get carried away because they want these like rock star moments.
And they want to like, they want to be like, I'm holding a microphone for the first time. I feel like a famous person.
And this like thought leader gobbledygook starts.
@52:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
they start speaking as if they're on the Stephen Bartlett podcast.
@52:53 - Jenn McCarron
And then you look at their resume and you're like, you've only been in legal ops for three years at a company nobody gives a.
Talk about, like, what? How big is legal? you're, can people stop talking? Like, go do the work and come back and talk about something, to me, I was always so critical, like, talk about something real, like, so people get a little excited by the opportunity to public speak, and sometimes they overdo that and underdo the work, but public speaking is the vehicle to test your ideas out, your work product, strengthen the industry, the gaps in the industry, see what your peers say, and that's what I've done over the years.
Like, I just show up and talk about what I built, and people are like, whoa, you're a thought leader.
I'm like, I am? Like, when they first told me that, I was like, come again? What?
@53:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I am?
@53:47 - Jenn McCarron
And they're like, you are. I did not have even reference to know that what I was thinking, saying, executing at a company was, like, ahead of the curve.
So it's, it's really good. And it's Great reference point to speak as well. And you want to learn what your story is?
I say this to people I manage. You want to know, like, if you like your job, go on a job interview.
Go on 10 job interviews elsewhere, and you will know in two months' time how you really feel about your job.
We have to get it out because that actually frames it and it comes back into us all. It's how our brains work.
@54:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Did you always think like this? Or was this something that you've trained yourself to kind of believe or live by as a philosopher?
@54:33 - Jenn McCarron
I've always been this way, and now I understand why. And I'm the kind of person who definitely, I'm an outside-in person, and not everyone is.
I'm an outside-in person, and I was a musician touring for years. So when you're standing there playing a song night after night after night after night after night in a bar, and you see people perk up, you see people walk out, you see where they look.
Look at their phone. You're trying to win their attention with music and engage them and give them a three-minute joyride into some place, the story.
So I'm attuned to that as a process, and I am a person who happens to learn my insides. I let my insides get remapped from outside impression, and I think we all do to an extent.
I'm extremely absorptive of that. Some people really are interior people, and they project their idea and confidence. It does come from an inner place, but I still think public speaking helps every human's story of whatever you're trying to tell.
That's how story comes to life. It's audience and story match, and meaning happens, and that's what public speaking is.
@55:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you have any, I don't know, quick tips for a beginner who wants to do this, but don't know where to start?
@55:57 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, who wants to public speak? Yeah, I guess.
@56:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@56:02 - Jenn McCarron
Number one, you have to volunteer to speak somewhere, even if you're not ready, especially if you're not ready. That's the irony, especially.
And trust that you have something to say as a person in your job at your company. You have something to say.
Everyone has a unique perspective, opinion, and story around even how I got my first analyst job. I mean, I watch blogs of 20-somethings in New York who are like, how I got my first senior analyst job.
And they make a 20-minute video. And I'm like, oh, my God, Vivian's doing the dishes before she goes to her analyst job.
And she's going to do a deck today using gamma. Let's go. Because it's story.
@56:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And it's engaging.
@56:51 - Jenn McCarron
it's how her journey. And everyone has that. So you have to volunteer to speak somewhere. You have to push.
it's If someone needs, you're at work, and it's the DEI session of the department meeting. They want someone to moderate it.
Any volunteers, me, I have no idea how to moderate or what DEI means. I don't know those guests. You learn it, and you figure it out.
They need a presentation to fill. You know, when Mary, my friends who started CLOCK, had the first New York City chapter meeting in 2017, January.
They sent an email out, November 2016, to a bunch of people they knew in the industry in New York, and they said, hey, first New York City chapter meeting, Jan 17th, who wants to come?
Call for speakers. I hit reply right away. I was like, me, I'll present on knowledge management, data, tech, everything I did at Cisco.
Whatever you guys need for time, I could fill 25 minutes, 30 minutes slot easily, and then Q&A. Thank you.
And And they went, you're in. They need speakers. And my last tip is write the presentation up, draw the slides up, do the scripting beneath, whatever the style is.
Rehearse that 500 times. Like reps on reps. I think that presentation I did 300 reps in two months. And I did a run in front of a person.
And then they went, ooh, this, yes, that, no. Like move your arms. Like why? And you get some feedback and that stuff hurts.
And so you never do it again. And the more you can practice that out loud, standing, in the posture, with your slides, you learn the emotional beats.
And then you show it to a person, a spouse, a partner. You get feedback. Work that in. Now it's been tested against an audience.
And then when you go in there, that polish shows always it. always, always shows. And then people say things to you like, you're a great speaker.
You're so confident. That just, you know, you have a gift. I've gotten this a lot. You have a real gift.
And I'm like, my gift is discipline, is repetition and hard work. That's 98% of my presenting. Sure. There's a little bit of talent in the showmanship that not everyone gets born with that talent.
But you can rehearse your way to dynamite speaker through discipline and repetition. And people quit. They don't rehearse enough.
They rehearse in their heads. And it means nothing up here.
@59:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm not sure if you know a guy called Alex Tomozzi, but he lives by this prince. Yeah, he lives by this prince.
He had a book launch, and he said that he referred to it like hundreds of times and thousands of times before he made that.
And so people were like, oh, you're so talented, but it was just the reps, as you mentioned. Just the reps.
It's repetition. Yeah, that guy is a wizard.
@1:00:00 - Jenn McCarron
Wizard on all forms of content entrepreneurialism and repetition, like that's hard. That's just repetition and discipline are hard work principles.
And so broadly, it's like, if you work hard at being a good speaker, you can get yourself there. You do not have to have been blessed with some magical talent, which also, like, just because I was on music stages for that whole decade of my life, that made me comfortable on a microphone.
It made me comfortable hearing my own voice. And those are two learning curves that corporate people don't get. Like, I can hear myself singing in a control room with 25 people in the room listening, and I don't care anymore.
But most people hear their own voice and they're like, ah, it's ugly, it doesn't sound. And that's a hard thing.
And so, sure, being a musician in studios on stage has helped advance some of those learning curves. But the rest, like, writing a good narrative in your...
Presentation, Delivering it to people in a conversational way, having the slides to go with that perfectly, that's all business skill that anyone can get.
And with all the tools right now, with the AI writing tools, Gamma writing your slides, there's kind of no excuse anymore to not be better at speaking because you can get pretty great first drafts.
And even if you're, like, not good at slides, use Gamma. Use Notebook. Let them make your visuals. Like, I don't use those right now.
I still, like, hand-dry everything. But I'm, like, of the rare breed. I did graphic design while I was a musician and made money that way and did all the band's visuals and took their photos and edited and photoshopped my whole 20s.
So I can, like, info design the slides in a very effective way in a style, in a media company style to, like, go with my narration.
But if you can't do that, there are so many. Any tools to do that now? Use them.
@1:02:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
This is actually such a good reminder for myself as well, because one of the goals that I had this year is to be on more podcasts.
So whether it is like talking to startup founders or incubators. And so, yeah, like I wanted to do that, like maybe hopefully April when I go back to New Zealand.
But yeah, good reminder for myself.
@1:02:26 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, podcasting is a unique also form of presenting because it's conversational and it moves and goes in different like peaks and valleys.
It's very cool. I'm doing one later and I've done them. I've interviewed, you know, hundreds of people on podcasts and it's that's fun to learn how to moderate a convo is also a skill that you can take into a podcast or you could be that moderator.
Moderator at new hire orientation at your company, like volunteer for those things. They teach you how to speak, how to interview, how to pull in the point, how to connect, and how to make, like, a meaningful story out of a 35-minute panel or something.
It's all such good practice for speaking out into the world. And, like, you just, you have to go out and speak.
Like, it'll help you refine your ideas. And then people will hear you. Like, people are hearing the writing on LinkedIn right now.
Just wait until we start putting videos back up. But just wait until I have money and time to do the podcast, like, to start a podcast for my company and be a combo driver of that.
I refuse right now to do that. I just want to do one, you know, I just want to win customers right now and do the 30-second videos.
That's going to be super poignant. But one day I might turn on the podcast again and have deep combos.
I think so.
@1:03:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And, like, that is a good way to talk to ideal prospects as well. Like, get in our ecosystem, knowing what we do, understand.
You're their pain points, and you get to ask whatever questions you want to. So it's like, you're on their radar, maybe when you share post or podcast conversations with them, they also repost it into their audience, and so you're also getting associated with them.
So I think there's a lot of opportunity, but I think maybe for now, focus on the product and everything.
But yeah, I think later on, that should be a really good go-to-market motion. Yep.
@1:04:27 - Jenn McCarron
Public speaking is always a good one, because most people want to do it more, don't know how, are intimidated by it.
The human tendency is like, and most people in corporate are really bad. At the presentation I did last week, was at 5 o'clock, thinner crowd, tired crowd.
And after a bunch of corporate presentations, your ear just struggles to listen in this big, boomy room, and they're not great speakers, and they're not well facilitated, and then the single speakers aren't great.
Corporate people are always like, they give you a microphone if it's a handheld situation, and they hold it down here, and they talk, and they're like this.
And there was one guy we had to all keep yelling from the audience, put the microphone up in front of you.
And he just couldn't.
@1:05:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
He's a lawyer. He just couldn't. That's not his thing.
@1:05:17 - Jenn McCarron
And so I got up there, and it was like, I had to do a handheld and run my slides, and I get up there like this.
I had a proper mic, not one of these podcast mics. But imagine this is a proper mic, and I was like, you guys were going to do this.
And my lips are like on the mic, because I know how to speak into a mic, and I have a voice that's low.
And I'm like, are we all awake out there? Are you ready? And I start with that. I start hyping them up.
I'm like, I'm going to yell at you for the next 10 minutes, because I know you've been put through it today.
And then they're laughing. And some people were just like, wow, your presence. You woke us up. You had me engaged.
@1:05:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Compelling presentation.
@1:05:57 - Jenn McCarron
Really well done. And I got that feedback. From a dozen people after. And then to hook in, I hooked in the girl from Sandstone.
I hooked in the guy from Google. I hooked in the, as a potential customer, Google guy. I hooked in Amazon woman.
@1:06:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I hooked in Salesforce woman.
@1:06:18 - Jenn McCarron
That's pretty great. That's pretty great.
@1:06:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, do you have, or did you upload images from the conference or did you receive it from the people?
Oh, I'm, I'm gonna. It'd be great to have that as part of the post. One of the videos. Oh, no, I'm interested.
@1:06:41 - Jenn McCarron
I'm going to email them, uh, thank, and, and thank them for a great, and I'm going to ask them for photos or video.
@1:06:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@1:06:50 - Jenn McCarron
for the purposes of this. So keep you posted on that.
@1:06:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Awesome. Draft a, choose a logo post for next week. Yeah. You mentioned you have an updated version. Yeah.
I'll probably just wait for you until you send that over. But, yeah, I guess cool to see where it kind of both aligned on the three variations.
Because, yeah, I think one of them looked a bit too crypto. The other one looked a bit too started.
think, yeah, the uplift one kind of made more sense. Yeah, I'm trying to, I'm just, I'm looking in our chat.
@1:07:31 - Jenn McCarron
sent you those three. Today, I actually should have, she's, I'm just sending you, what am I sending you? Hang on one sec.
The one that was like the cube with all the lines. Funny and I liked the best, but the lines were too thin and it looked like other things.
We didn't think it would. So I'm just giving you the latest update where between the one on the left I just slacked you, which is like a window or square turned on its side with dimensionality, and then we're reworking the one on the right to have thicker lines, maybe with a little bit more weight.
It might have sturdiness that we feel like could be like the platform building geometric icon, contained geometric icon. I don't know.
Of the three stack I just sent, the bottom one is what we're now hovering on because that's like a mid-weight five pixel line.
Later today, she's sending me these with the new Word logo next to it. So I think we should put up at least two, if we want to pull three, like three logo and Word, because I think that the story...
Is both of them? What do you think?
@1:09:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think both of them. like together, Acqui-hire. I should have those today. I'm maybe just two, and then maybe like the CTA could be like A or B, and just give you the choose.
A or B. That'd be quite good.
@1:09:15 - Jenn McCarron
Should we put up a poll? I don't even know if that exists. Or they could just write in the comments.
@1:09:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I don't want a poll. Just put it in the yeah. Write in the comments. I think that's like some interesting takes.
@1:09:29 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think that could be really fun and give them a window into the build process, give them a voice, give them a vote, and just talk about the process of like creating the logo.
I've been in creative mode with a designer for weeks, and it's like one of the many hats of the co-founder is you have to do marketing stuff and think about the feelings behind each of these and why.
@1:09:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, it kind of gets them bought in the journey. As well. Actually, a question I had. What was the thought process behind like the left one and then the right one?
Like, were there kind of decisions like, oh, maybe this looks like this, this has this kind of feel? Maybe we could kind of run people through that thought process of how these logos came to be, like a quick sentence or two.
@1:10:23 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I was thinking, I'm very inspired by something. I told you about a few weeks ago, I'm very inspired by this Daft Punk movie scene where the robots go and stand apart from one another and one blows the other up.
And when the robot just goes into pieces. For some reason, that imagery stuck with me in that we have to get the contract, the entity, the robot, the monolith.
We have to blow that up into pieces. And the pieces are the data points of the contract. And that is called contract data infrastructure.
And what our platform lets you build is contract data infrastructure. And so I took influence of building blocks, dimensionality, something that like you put it all together, all these shapes together, they have dimension, but then they equal a ball or a big cube.
And you can stack that into your enterprise and it becomes the foundation of the finance workflow where you reconcile invoices.
And so it's meant we're a platform, we're a data platform, we're not a product. And so these are meant to be like platform elements.
But I kept saying to her, they have to have dimensionality. I don't want a flat circle. And she was showing me these like triangles put together in this 3D way that even in an image had dimensionality.
And I was like, I like that. It reminds me of like the Epcot ball. You look at the surface of a geodesic dome, and it's all different shards put together to form a circle.
And something about that felt very, like, what our platform means, how it lets people build, gives infrastructure, and it's very Daft Punk.
It's very futuristic, robotic, looking to the old to create the new vision. And I kept going back to the Epcot Ball, and, like, there's a ride inside the Epcot Ball in Disney called Spaceship Earth.
And I'm like, it's the best ride at Disney, because it talks about the history of technology and then where it's all going.
We're talking about the history of contracts and where they're all going, the future of. So we're giving new building blocks to get there.
So that's all behind that.
@1:12:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, wow. There was actually a lot of depth and thought put into this. Okay, this is great. Yes. Yeah.
Yeah. Don't threaten me with good time. I'm just like, my designer made me talk.
@1:13:00 - Jenn McCarron
for like two days about that, and I was like Daft Punk and this, I'm pulling up the Epcot ball, like I went wild.
@1:13:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, amazing. I have everything for this week. On Slack, I'll send through the, I guess, feature images that we could create.
I'm not sure if you want to like do it for this coming month or like in terms of what cadence we want to kind of showcase these like new features, but I think it would be good to kind of sit like, oh, I don't know, every third week of the month, we'll have a new feature announcement or new release kind thing because, yeah, that's just a good way to kind of showcase that.
So send that through, and yeah, if there's any kind of points regarding SOC 2 that you can think of like design decisions, yeah, can send that through to me as well.
But other than that, all good. Awesome. Great. This was fun.
@1:13:56 - Jenn McCarron
Thanks so much, Asbin. I'll see you on the Slack. Watch for stuff for me later.
@1:14:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sounds good. Good to chat. Bye, You too. Take care.
@1:14:02 - Jenn McCarron
Bye.

=== [Contracts.AI] Week 6 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 67 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is my logo backwards? Is the text backwards? Not anymore. I don't think so, no. Okay, good. The background's good.
@0:11 - Jenn McCarron
Great.
@0:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, last time it was backwards. Got it.
@0:14 - Jenn McCarron
Cool. Yeah, I flipped it. I'm sorry to run a little late here. I was, you know, cranking in the machine over here.
@0:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice. As always, good stuff. Yeah.
@0:25 - Jenn McCarron
And it was the YouTube machine, so I'm holding the microphone a little bit. Yeah, I'm holding the mic style today.
You're going to get, like, the full-on. All my metaphors are coming via holding the microphone. Nice.
@0:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Awesome. Have you had Masters Legal? Is that this week?
@0:46 - Jenn McCarron
That was last week. This week is Legal Week, so I'm running around a big conference this week with people, and I just popped up in a tag with, like, some video content my friend made.
@1:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Did you see that?
@1:04 - Jenn McCarron
It was like me and him walking around.
@1:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
No, I didn't actually. Did you send it somewhere?
@1:14 - Jenn McCarron
He tagged me in it and I commented and I commented as a company. This just went up like an hour ago.
So he asked me to like repost it at the same time and I'm like, no, let's not do that.
Given what I know about LinkedIn, it's like we share an audience and you'll cannibalize each other's engagement.
@1:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Yeah.
@1:39 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@1:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think LinkedIn really only allows like one post a day kind of thing. And like if you post too close to each other, yeah, it's quite a bit.
Totally.
@1:49 - Jenn McCarron
The post with him, by the way, he posted that. He was Sam Flynn, who you helped me do the Friday post the other week.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. remember I was. Messaging you like, why do you think that didn't get crazy engagement the way my Thursday plane selfie did?
LinkedIn loves the plane selfie. That got 11,000.
@2:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
was like, whoa.
@2:15 - Jenn McCarron
11,000 that got?
@2:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, that got 11,000. Plane selfie.
@2:22 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, I didn't write it on the spot. I wrote it like a day or so before, so it had desk thought.
At the desk content thought. But yeah, that did well. And it was a great pick. Took me 25 picks to get that pick, but no problem.
@2:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice. Yeah, I think like an algorithm, like no one's really figured it out. As long as we're always constantly putting out like really good content and we're reaching the right people, like that's where it matters.
And we're trying to like start conversations anyway. So if people mention us, then that's a good sign. But yeah, just be.
@3:00 - Jenn McCarron
Being at Masters Legal, being at Legal Week this week, running into a lot of people, meeting a lot of new people, I am hearing a lot about my LinkedIn.
And people are starting, yeah, they're starting to say to me, oh, like your post really resonated with me. And then unfortunately I have to say, which one?
Because they're all resonant and they're all going for the story. And so it's a great convo. And I got great feedback from a CLM sales guy who took me to dinner and was like very much like quoting all the posts back to me.
And he felt like he was getting to know me through the posts. And he's like, your posts are different.
They have a realist, they have a reality to them. They feel like there's a person behind there with a strong POV trying to share.
And I thought that was crazy and awesome and validating.
@3:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, that's so cool. I think that's kind of the reason why I wanted to add like the personal like...
Post is just because we want people to know you behind the brand and make it feel authentic, human. Oh, yeah.
@4:08 - Jenn McCarron
Yesterday, I forced my way onto a reporter that knows me, a legal tech reporter out of England. She's pretty great.
And I know her from the industry over the years. And I was like, Caroline, we should talk. And so she took me on and interviewed me.
And that was the post that resonated, the one about self-care and burnout and stuff. Hmm.
@4:31 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, yeah.
@4:32 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. So I thought that was cool. So well done on getting people knowing the person behind it. That's a great strategy.
Yeah.
@4:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I've been trying to push John towards it, but I think it'll take some time. I think he's very secretive or doesn't really want to show a lot of the personal stuff.
So hopefully we will get there.
@4:53 - Jenn McCarron
Hopefully.
@4:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Any interesting conversations from Masters League Google that you'd want to share?
@5:03 - Jenn McCarron
I'm just scanning the combos I had at Masters Legal. I did the pitch. I opened the day. People liked it.
But someone said to me after I spoke to a few people after my pitch and then probably seven people lined up after I was on a panel and it was end of day and like an open space before happy hour and several from other vendors just wanted to meet me.
One guy said to me, you are going to change the world with this product, which I was like, oh, I got to change the world level achievement unlocked.
I'll take it.
@5:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'll Yeah.
@5:55 - Jenn McCarron
Wow. And he was, he sells software now, but he was in. In-house for many years. And he said, if I only had this product when I was a young lawyer, that's a good quote.
If I only had this as a younger lawyer, he basically was saying I could have been more successful. I could have gotten it to the answer faster.
And that's what we want to do. Legal is a service industry. You want to get to the answers for your clients fast.
And you don't want to be mired down in minutiae to get there. You want the answer so you can create the awesome strategy for them and the advice around the answer.
And he didn't have that in his young law career. And it prompted him to say to me, you're going to change the world with this.
You're going to change career path, how the shape of legal around contract search and finding.
@6:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Wow. That is very validating.
@6:55 - Jenn McCarron
It's very validating. Not to start small or anything, but that was a really Really memorable one. And, you know, I got at least five leads.
And every single person spoke to me at length about the search problem and not being able to find anything.
And some of them going, what happened with CLM? And I'm like, they built a different product. I built a different product.
We have to all stop thinking about this as a monolith. And I keep saying, this is my new phrase.
I think I've said it to you. I say, CLM promised you jetpacks and they did not deliver on the data, becoming data and taking off into the enterprise.
And I know they promised you that and I'm sorry, but they're great. They're good at pre-sig. Draft with them and make your workflows.
So, yeah, a lot of great leads and combos around that.
@7:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Any... Any... Any... Any... Any... Questions that are like, that were tough to answer or any questions that you kind of just feel like, oh, I've never been asked this before.
@8:12 - Jenn McCarron
For the, yesterday I was in some really intense pitches and sales, calls rather, while at the conference like ducking into the hallway and taking calls of people who got on my calendar, all of whom had one thing in common.
urgency, like I have not felt in calls to date. I mean, urgency, like turned up. Usually people are like, we're starting an RFP, we're moving, we're a business, we're a tech company, maybe it moves like 10x faster, but everyone's moving, even Blackstone's cooking.
And they had urgency that was similar to what I saw in the DoorDash call the other week, which we did a post on the vectorization, which opened my brain.
And yes, they're coming in with their one question that they really have, and if I can pass go, then we go forward.
And yesterday, one person at a tech company that's like breaking, disrupting the way, HR, it's one of those companies that like pays you your paycheck early, and then they carry the debt and manage the payment from the vendor.
Oh, okay. You know that ilk of startups coming up, especially for like creators and freelance people like get paid in net 15, and then they'll take on net 60 and chase the company.
So it's one of these companies and startups, they're cooking, so she's cooking, and she gets on and she goes, why are you different than Ivo and why are you better?
And luckily for me, I've been studying their platform and understanding just feature to feature, what's going on and what isn't.
And so I was... was... was... was... I to conjure an answer up first draft, but I was uncomfortable. I was really uncomfortable.
was like, how do I sell? How do I show the value? And sure, it's a competitive market, so I'm going to put my company and product out first, but it was really weird because an hour later, I met the CEO of Ivo at his booth, and just I'm like, making friends with him and letting him know through signals, like, yeah, I'm in your space, I'm in, you're in my space.
We're the same in some ways, and we're different, and, like, we can compete, and I can be your friend.
I could be a cool person that, like, is, you know, I don't know, just a good ecosystem player, and I'm chatting with him, and I don't think he knew that about me, and so I think he was, like, a little surprised I was just hanging, and he was surprised that I remembered him from years ago, when they were a mirror.
Your kiosk at the clock event. So it was like, talk about the juxtaposition of being in a call and being in like kill mode on a deal, selling.
And where's my integrity in all of this? Because in sales, you can easily go into vision of what doesn't exist and sell them a jetpack.
When today all we have are like running sneakers. And how do I say what they do and we do?
In a, sure, favorable to my business way, but also in a fair and equitable way. Where I'm not like swiping at people just because I'm a salesperson.
You know salespeople. Like becoming a salesperson is the most bizarre thing ever. It's a bizarre learning curve of savagery and care.
And relationships building. And savagery and care. In my spirit. In spirit. In my mind, I want to go out back and absolutely grapple with Ivo.
I want to grapple. I literally want to get into an octagon and be like, here we go, Ming-Q, and hit him in the ear and piss him off.
That's my spirit. I'm very much that. Then when I see him, I'm very warm and I'm very like actually authentically saying to him, congrats on your success.
You are blazing right now. And I know that someone like him is two years ahead of me on the journey, is blazing a trail that is our marketplace.
And without a number two and without a number three, you don't have a market. I learned that in economics, in my economics degree.
So, it was a fun set of like modes to traverse in a day. And I didn't, I had a good.
Answer for what's the difference. I'm like, they have a pre-sig tool. They have a tool that does what we do.
And then where we go beyond is we'll go into finance with your data and really connect them up to finance systems in a way your procurement teams will line up and do a kick line on.
I don't think Ivo's going to do that. They're going to go back into legal with all your data and give the pre-sig and the drafting and the AI.
And that's amazing, too. So we have a different market go to market and place in this whole chain of the workflow.
And I said, oh, our Word plugin's better. Last week, I learned that Ivo, another customer called me last week and was like, do you have a Word plugin?
And I said, yes. And she said, Ivo does, too. Ivo's Word plugin doesn't work in 0365. It only works on the standalone app.
Does yours work in 0365? And I said, I I think so. Let me go check. And I checked and we had built it.
We just hadn't tested it. And so I said to engineering, test that thing right now. I want screenshots by the end of the day.
And they did. They focused in. They stood it up. And we have a Word plugin that works in two places.
Great. So I'm like, take it to find, you know, it's weird to sell against another competitor who doesn't do exactly what you do.
@14:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Are you kind of hearing more and more about this where people are trying to compare Contracts.ai to another vendor, another potential competitor?
Like, how do they benchmark you? Because I guess that's kind of where they would categorize Contracts.ai in a way, like in their brain.
Like, maybe we are trying to build something new, but that's like how they bucket it.
@14:53 - Jenn McCarron
So I am absolutely up against all the buckets in their brains. Categories of software and how they work. And so they come in wanting to know, how do you fit into this bucket or around it?
And they're all now smart enough to know that there are adjacencies and I'm seeing they're reading on my friend Donovan at Intel just entered the pipeline because he said to me, I'm following everything you're saying and I need to talk to you because I have a problem.
I'm hearing this statement from him and some others. Oh, I need to talk to you. I love running into you.
I need to talk to you. have a problem. And the problem's their CLM unable to yield data and results semantically.
So they're curious enough and they're educating and they're following along, but they still have the buckets in their brains.
And when we enter the process of me showing and demoing, I have to teach them a new category. And one of our potential investor very early on said to me, this is going to be your cross to bear is you're going to have to educate everyone on this.
New Sliver, because it's not CLM. And there's time in that. That takes a little bit more time, which could lengthen your sales cycle.
And I'm like, great, have at it. I love trying to put it into context for people. I draw pictures to show them.
I don't do slides with words on them. My demo style is, can I show you a picture that illustrates what we mean by post-sig contract intelligence?
I show one picture and then I go right into the tech. So they're getting it. They're getting it. And look, as I told you, it closed an enterprise deal last week in five months with a major company.
So they want to get it fast. And that's what I felt at Masters AI. And that's what I'm feeling on calls this week and at Legal Week.
People are like, oh, I have a problem. It's not going well. The CLM and the data. The data, it's all not going well.
And the leadership is saying to the legal ops professionals, fix this. And we need an AI strategy. Will AI fix this?
How do we put AI in the stack? We need to do something with AI. Go out to the market and find the things now.
That's what their leaders are empowering them all to do.
@17:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What do you think is driving that urgency? Is it AI or is it AI?
@17:34 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, it's the hype. It actually, what's driving the urgency is the Harvey AI and the Legora AI, especially the Harvey.
That has crossed over from legal tech into tech. It's a tech success story. And it's brought legal tech into the mainstream media AI hype lens fear, killing jobs, creating jobs.
It's all these narratives. It's picked up by every major news outlet. They're pulling in funding that is eye-popping, and they're achieving dominance in the law firm market with a newfound way of marketing we've talked about and branding and having the customer as the face of the branding.
It's working. And everyone knows about Harvey, and it's just creating this big playing field. Everyone's looking at legal industry work product, the document of words, as a perfect playing ground for LLMs, OpenAI, etc., to change how this gets made, because that's a words parser and a meaning parser.
So, in some ways, legal tech is crossed into the mainstream because of Harvey, and because it's so elevated, these general counsel's chief legal officers, they go out to their board event, their dinner event, their ACC, American Corporate Council.
VC roundtable conversation. that innovator, that legal partner from the big firm, that firm partner, that head of innovation, that CLO at DoorDash, that one, they're all going, well, I have Harvey.
Well, I have Harvey. Well, I have Lagora. I have Harvey. Oh, I have AI in my contract. And they get FOMO.
FOMO of optimized work, productivity, more deals, faster contract. The FOMO of doing things better is rippling through leadership ranks.
And Harvey is a lot to thank for that.
@19:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, the FOMO is actually quite a big one because like the AI hype, everyone just trying to figure out like, oh, let's just use AI or let's try to just use like AI on something.
But I think one of the biggest mistakes where maybe it was like last year was they didn't have a use case.
on how AI could solve a problem. was just, let's just use AI for the sake of it. And so a lot of money companies end up spending on failed pilots just because they promised a lot of ROI and it didn't do anything.
And so that was, yeah, a big mistake. Exactly, exactly.
@20:19 - Jenn McCarron
And there's something culminating right now with all of the in-house side of the aisle waking up. Law firms have been waking up the last year and a half with Harvey and Lagora and licensing the software.
And now they're past all the free early year of, I learned today, Harvey was given away free the first year, basically.
No pricing. And then now all the firms that had it for free for a year have a sense of loyalty to that and are staying on as customers and giving it a go.
And so they're in their second to third year. And now with big funding, they're just blasting into the market with lots of noise, lots of fur.
And in-house woke up, and they're urgently rushing all of us for demos and proofs of concept. And I was just, I spent the morning with a legal events planning company who put on really awesome events.
They planned future contracts where I was two weeks ago, so I went and did their morning run and got to really hang with the founder and learn just everything he's seeing.
And they told me they are selling out every event that they put on. They do shows around the world all year.
Everything is selling out like 3x faster. And the gal was almost like, I've been in this company two years, and nothing has been like this, the second week of March in a planning year.
It's on fire in terms of companies getting more funding, wanting to be out in front of all the buyers at all the events.
So there's a, the water line has risen. Because of also LLMs, Harveys, the Legoras, increased funding, increased number of startups, the startup logos of like 10x and legal tech.
@22:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm actually quite curious to hear your take because like Legora's funding is actually quite ridiculous. It's ridiculous. was looking at a timeline like May 2025, they raised 80 mil.
Then October 2025, they raised 150 mil. And then just an hour ago, like a few hours ago, they announced their Series D 550 mil.
And so like within the span of one year, they raised like 700, 780 mil, like three rounds of funding.
Like is that because they're just trying to take out so much market share, maybe offering the free product like Harveys did, and then kind of solidify themselves within firms before they kind of recoup their money back.
Yeah.
@23:01 - Jenn McCarron
They have a lot of users. They have a lot of seats that they sold, seat licenses. Yeah, they gave it away, I learned, in the first, in the early years.
That was like probably three years ago. And two years ago, gave it away and really sat with the firms and tried to make it work better.
And they got some feedback from them on the product and it works better now. I hear mixed reviews on how it really works.
Some love it. Some are like, Some are like, I love Legora, not Harvey, etc. So they're showing growth in user base.
And then they put pricing in. The pricing was eye-popping for a lot of people. They're building a reputation now of having high seat licenses.
Okay. But they're getting it because they had the free tier. And what I learned most at working at Spotify was the free tier is the funnel for premium.
And you bring people in on the free tier, and you prove the value of the product, and in time, 25% of them will convert, because they'll want the better experience.
And so they were always opening free tier features up to make free tier cooler for the subscribers, and they get hooked on, oh, I get this DJ list now, and these different features, what else is going on on premium, and they convert.
And Netflix was anti-free tier for a while, and then all of a sudden, we had two bad quarters, and Netflix started looking for money between the couch cushions.
And Netflix said, we're going to spin up a free tier now, finally, after years of saying we're too good for that.
We need the money, we think there's a market for it. Netflix spun up an ads tier, as they call it, in six months, and launched it.
It was the craziest thing I ever saw. Six months. They're crazy in there. They're so cool. Oh, yeah. Speed of innovation.
And so Harvey follows. And you know what? Perhaps I should follow that. Yesterday in a negotiation on one of my big three deals I'm closing right now, they twisted my arm and it basically broke.
I was like, just tell me the number you need to pay. Just tell me what your budget is. And we'll work in there.
Forget it. They were like, we need to not do volume-based pricing. I'm like, Dad, just tell me your number.
And the deal will come in much lower. It'll come in probably at half of what I thought and what my investors are pressuring me to do.
And you know what I say to the investors? I mean, they're giving me money right now. They're enabling my medical benefits.
So we're deferent to investors, but like get out of here. They're not in the trenches selling right now. And it's a competitive market for legal tech to get the attention of.
I have to give it, I have to give it. That discounted pricing, the pilots are all free. The RFP is the pilot feels like the go-live before we even sign a contract.
That's what it feels like.
@26:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So yeah, I hope I answered your question.
@26:14 - Jenn McCarron
That's what's going on. They're able to pull back up to investors with growth, expansion, CAC, users, monthly active, weekly active, and ARR.
I heard that they will book revenue for like a month from now, two months from now, and they send it to investors now.
That's today's revenue. Just an urgency game. There's an urgency and a branding game, and they're winning. But someone said to me this morning, I don't know that they have the essence yet.
Like they have essence, which I thought was a really keen thing to say. I don't don't you. What does that mean?
That the firms and many, some in-house, they're licensing the software. They're buying seat licenses. And I see this a lot in people.
They go, we have Harvey. They're not like, we have Harvey and I'm using it every day. And they get like the glow in their eye on like the workflow and the thing that Harvey is absolutely saving them from minutiae or accelerating revenue.
There's a lot, we have Harvey. We're trying, we're in, yeah. And it kind of ends there. And this guy, this product manager for Meta meant, I don't think that they have the essence of all the work being done and have really anchored it into reality where they can point at the work and tell a story of product market fit about essence.
There's just a lot of like marketing blitz. They're hiring everyone. They're turning a lot of sales. They have a lot of account execs.
They're turning a lot. The sales. And I said, yeah, the people they send into the law firms to sit with them, the forward deployed legal engineers, I'm like, what are they doing?
And what the hell is that title? The legal engineer. I think it's the biggest mound of title ever. Oh, I've never heard of this.
Yes, this is the buzz title, legal engineer. And I've heard it for years, but now it's really being used.
I'm like, what are they doing? And this product manager said to me, they're selling their account reps. I'm like, oh, I thought they were sales engineers or technical product program manager people, like what I used to do, that are just sitting in there and making the workflows work.
And he said, no, they're sitting in there drinking the coffee with their peers and selling. And he said, they don't yet have the essence of the workflow, the works being done.
And it may come in time, but they're just throwing everything. Those fundraisers, they're throwing all the money at anything to get their name in there.
I went on a run this morning with this running group for Legal Week at 6.30 a.m., and Lagora sponsored the pastries, and they sent a box of probably a hundred of top-end, top-tier cinnamon cardamom buns.
And I used to work for a Swedish company, so I was like, oh, fika, fun, delicious. They threw out, it was probably $300 in pastries, and they threw most of them out.
They're just like throwing money into the wind.
@29:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I would want to make a post about this. Like maybe more neutral, perhaps? No, I think we should make a post about it.
@29:55 - Jenn McCarron
We could frame it as, I have decided as a co-founder. later. Thank But I want our product to hit on the essence, to have essence of the work and the workflow and the problem and the solution, we're the solution to.
I'm not yet in breadth. I'm not selling a vision of what will be. I'm very anchored on what is right now, what the workflow is that it enables to go into finance and like maybe the next two workflows.
That's it. I'm not selling some vision like was sold to me with CLM, which was, oh, we could be your precinct.
Oh, we could be your repos. Oh, we can connect to finance. Oh, we could be your quote to cash.
Oh, we could be your CPQ. Oh, yeah, we could do deal rooms. This is everything Evisort told me as the customer of their CLM.
And even when I spoke to Evisort months ago, one of their execs and I caught up, we're friendly. And she's like, oh, so Contracts AI is competing with Evisort.
And I'm like. No, it's not. We're not CLM. And we don't have workflow. We don't have pre-sig. And we're not doing that at all.
We're doing contract intelligence, connecting to finance and reconciling. And she goes, oh, well, we do that too. We're CPQ.
And I'm like, you can't be five products.
@31:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's not essence.
@31:22 - Jenn McCarron
It's just not. And what happens is they sell in on might and force and some good features. And then you have to build the essence.
And it takes a long time to just make, understand the workflow within and connect it to the tech tool and have that resonate and be valuable inside the company.
It's connecting this tech to the workflows. Hardest part of all of this tech work. And I think the startups all fly in.
And I don't believe that they're able to do that. I was in house a year plus ago. I did that in house.
Not them. They worked with me under my leadership. was a partnership. This morning I said to a very smart person who's now a meta product engineer on Lama.
@32:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It was a great morning.
@32:14 - Jenn McCarron
My mornings, Osman, are filled with men telling me where I'm wrong. This is like the best part of my life as a female who happens to be incredibly smart and well-rounded.
I get told I'm wrong a lot. And he asked me what I thought about 400, like hundreds of legal tech companies coming up through the ether now through funding and in the market.
It has exploded, the number of legal tech companies. I'm like, I think it's wonderful. I think it's, we're all solving now the corner pocket, dark corners, problems of the enterprise and the law firms.
That's who solves it, the startups. We can see that. And I said, now the pessimist in me is only those with domain experience and those who can...
With their domain experience connected to the workflows and the law firm and the workflows of the enterprise, they will win.
And I don't know that all of who we see now have that. And may the best man win who cultivates that domain experience.
May you win in the market. And this dickhead, forgive my language because it's still rubbing off on me in a dickhead way.
And we won't put that in print ever. Respectfully disagreed with me and started telling me how his brilliant team at Meta are all researchers and social scientists and gender studies people and this and that.
There's this diverse group of domain experts across education and research and social sciences and science and MIT and math, all the things to advise on creating.
He's like, that's what we're doing to make Lama a better model. That's what Elon did. That's what Zuckerberg did.
And I wanted to say, hey, , all those people are domain experts. In some field, they have conquered a field of study, a discipline, deep on a research topic, PhD, published academically and beyond in the journals.
They're coming together to form a super group. That's not what a startup is. That's what Meta gets to do with Meta Money.
That's so amazing. That's what Elon gets to do. And Zuckerberg. They're not selling legal tech. I am. And he thought I meant that I had to work in legal in order to make a legal tech product work, which I believe that you actually do.
I said, hey, dickhead, do you know lawyers, as soon as you walk in the room and you're not a lawyer, you're down five rungs.
And if you haven't worked in that realm and you don't know that and you don't have the experience of how to show them, you know what you're talking about and you have something to offer, you have to fight to climb 180 years of institutional bias against you.
And the only thing that seems to get them is the black magic of tech. But then you have to make the workflow work.
You just sit in an enterprise for 18 months partnered with them. And you're telling me 25-year-old founder of Sandstone has that endurance?
Okay, he was a McKinsey consultant. Smart dude. He's done it on a few projects. I mean, I've done it for 10 years and I had domain expertise in two other fields, like two other disciplines that I brought into legal tech.
So he was short-sighting me on face value, thinking I'm some corporate-only person and putting some example of meta behind me and I'm like, you're comparing apples to oranges.
Like me having domain experience in music before I got into tech, very helpful. In photography and media, I know I'd operate a camera.
I didn't use it in corporate at all. I wasn't taking pictures of myself at work. But the graphic, the Photoshop skills helped with my slides and helped me tell a story and helped me sell.
Microphone time helped me articulate a hook and a point. I can write a song in three minutes. I can write a deck that fills two minutes.
I can write a deck that takes six minutes. But he didn't get to know me long enough to know that I wasn't just talking about sitting in the legal department, domain experience.
I go back to this example. How do you think the Beatles became the Beatles? They became domain experts in conquering music.
They did something like 560 shows. Before they ever stepped out into like the Beatles thing that sucked them up.
They were so expert at a certain kind of music that they became able to go into different genres of music and create like what became a canon of a certain kind of pop and rock music.
So I don't know, I'm fighting, you're listening to me fight with another person at a FANG company that's really into themselves.
Thank you.
@37:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think it's quite, like I think people who work at FANG have quite big egos and I think it's a common thing.
@37:38 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. Yeah. Like I get it. I had it too. I was at the end in FANG. I had it and I had the paycheck and I get it.
And just, yeah. So that's what's going on. Hmm.
@37:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think Lars. I remember there was a comment that you made around how like most lawyers don't care about legal ops.
@38:07 - Jenn McCarron
Oh yeah, they don't give a .
@38:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I that was something like really stuck and I was wondering because I remember we were considering like kind of, I don't know, whether to be advocates of the legal ops role or I guess talk more about it and I guess how contracts or AI could help with that role.
Yeah, like maybe one post that we could make to start off with is like, why do you think legal ops gets a bad rep?
@38:39 - Jenn McCarron
Oh wow, I'm looking at your post now. Legora announced a D550. Yeah.
@38:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I think we should make this post like quite timely. So what I'm going to do is I'll probably draft it tomorrow and then get you to review it and because then yeah, it's like quite fresh.
And that way, like, maybe it will also get some noise as well. So, yeah, it's pretty nice.
@39:05 - Jenn McCarron
This is un--precedented. This is unprecedented. And that's a lot of money. They should come acquire us. And we do the in-house contract stuff.
This is cool. And big. And I heard 400 was floating around. This is huge. And, yeah, feel free to push all of our posts that we have in the can right now.
And let's get something out ASAP that you write up. And, as you know, I'll be on it and co-writing and approving editing with you very quickly.
@39:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, appreciate that. Yeah, I guess coming back to the legal ops stuff, like, do you want to write about this?
Like, this kind of profession and, like, sharing your thoughts about, like, why it's good, why it's bad, the downfalls, that kind of stuff.
Because I remember you wrote an article a while back about it, like, the legal 3.0. I think that was the article.
@40:02 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, and that article was me saying the beginning, it's the beginning of the end of that version of legal apps.
We need to take certain poor work and things and scope that has fallen into the legal apps catch-all. It became a catch-in-the-drain in some ways.
You need to throw away most of what you're doing and only focus on tech and data. That's legal apps now.
That is legal apps. Like, the spend management stuff, I get that that's actually a really important function for a law department to manage how they engage outside counsel, and there's a tech and data-driven way to do that.
Sure. Okay. It's important. Who was I talking to the other day? A big insurance company, or was it a FANG company that has a billion dollars in spend with outside counsel?
I mean, that's a lot of money. And LegalOps can put a program around that where you're just optimizing, putting rule sets around how you engage the rates, the rules, the flow, the invoice flow, etc.
Because if you don't optimize that, the firms just send in renewal letters every year and go 20% rate hike, 20% rate hike.
So that's important. But something needs to go in LegalOps. LegalOps became the catch in the drain of a lot of different programs and work and hard work.
And leaders aren't setting them up to succeed. And then when they're unable to succeed, leaders are throwing them out and throwing out the baby with the bathwater and going, oh, it failed.
LegalOps must suck. It's like, no, like, there's a lot that goes into it. And you have to set them up to succeed.
And you have to make sure you're hiring. Bring the right person. And one anecdote here is I'm saying everything has to be tech and data focused, but not every legal ops person is coming in with tech skill or data skill.
And what also happens is a paralegal converts and they can't always make the jump to implementing a million dollar tech solution that is difficult and has complex workflows.
And so they're like, these people suck, that was so expensive, CLM went live and day one legal can't even use it, it doesn't make sense.
And so they don't like legal ops, many don't, they don't, they're struggling to see the value. Many do see the value, many forward thinking legal departments invest and are on it and will pull that senior leader up and make them a part of the senior leadership team of a legal group.
That's great. So it's, this isn't like all or nothing. But the ranks of legal ops where I saw clocks membership grow are in paralegals and contract managers converting in to that, to a legal ops role.
And I converted in from a technical role and background before like the music stuff, like worked as a engineer, had a job as a management consultant.
I never did the job, but it was to build information systems for banks. So I was always ready to go on tech and then built it at Cisco.
Most of these people haven't done that. They don't understand how tech works. And so it's a big learning curve.
And then they get mired down with building an e-billing program, a process workflow, knowledge management, and tech for contracts.
No one brain can do all of that well, unless you're the Beatles. Unless you have mastered a A bunch of those domains, those cores individually, yes, then I believe you can come up out of tech and now do a legal apps program that is tech and finance.
But to start and to do all of that is too broad. And in that article I wrote about, don't come in and try to be, did I say jack of all trades, master of none?
Like that concept, like pick one core of like the clock core 12 tech and only do that and do it for two years at your company, a big project, do it for three years, something.
So I'm like, get, get some, a few big things off the ground. You will master the project art, the tech art you'll learn.
And yeah, could you then lift out of that and now go and do a knowledge management thing or a tech and data thing for the financial piece?
Yeah, but you have to get domain expertise in one of the cores of legal apps before you try to do five of them.
at once. And what has happened is clock's materials have inspired people to do 12 things at once. And you have paralegals thinking that clock's little colorful wheel of the 12 things you could do means do all 12 things.
And they are losing their audience. Because lawyers don't understand that. They're like, what do you mean data governance? What does that mean?
The clock core wheel, you should look that up. It's like a very prominent graphic. It's like all the, it's not real.
I tried to say LegalOps 3.0, that's not real anymore. We have three things. have tech, we have data, and we have like the comms around it and the storytelling and the ability to pull and carve out insights from the data.
That's it. That is it. Knowledge management, get out of here. That's stupid. Sorry, 15 years ago.
@45:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So are you saying that this wheel doesn't exist anymore? It exists.
@45:59 - Jenn McCarron
It's still... Key visual under the clock world of content assets, but it's not prescriptive and it's not a reality.
It's not what you take and implement. It's not what you take in front of your legal leadership to teach them what legal ops is.
You have to do that your own way based on what they need. You have to tell them what legal ops is based on what they need and frame it in a way they don't understand.
They don't understand this wheel. And my writing about legal ops 3.0 is this wheel is not it. I think it's three things.
Technology, data, storytelling, comms. Do most people know this wheel? Yeah. Or is this like...
@46:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yep.
@46:46 - Jenn McCarron
In the legal ops world, most people know this wheel. And then another trade group, legal ops.com, came up with their own wheel.
And then a couple of others, like, came up with their own, like, set of...
@47:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And so let's say if you were to give advice to a person entering legal ops. I just gave this advice.
@47:15 - Jenn McCarron
A paralegal just wrote me. Oh, okay.
@47:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I can give you actually what I said.
@47:20 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
@47:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay.
@47:22 - Jenn McCarron
He said, I'm a paralegal and I want to transition into legal ops in my career. Do you have any advice for me?
And he said, what education can I go and do in courses or should I get the master's in LLM blah, bitty, blah from Villanova University?
And I said, whatever you do, do not go into higher ed on this one. The best way to learn this is on-the-job training.
If you're a paralegal right now, 99% chance. The lawyers you're working around, something sucks. Something's not getting done. A workflow that they have for executing a brief for a litigation or a contract is jammed.
They have no idea and they're working slowly and in an offline way without tools. 99% chance. Find one problem and make it better.
Number two, find a tech person in your firm or in your company. Become their best friend. Try to collaborate with them on something internally or pull them into something.
Explore the company tools and see if you can spin up a new such and such with that monday.com or that Airtable thing that helps legal learn it.
Use the online world of YouTube and whatever to learn it for free. Watch ads and learn how to do that.
I said the only place I suggest spending hard-earned money on training or certification or education is Learn how to manage a project.
Okay, do you need to go take a course to do that and spend some money? The one I took was $5,000 or $6,000, and I got Lean Six Sigma certified.
It's a big framework for managing projects. And the group I was in where I cut my teeth at Cisco, we all had to either be Lean Six Sigma or PMP, Program Management Professionals.
Same idea, different rubric, same . And learn that and you can learn how to do this at a scale and a company in a familiar way with other people who know how to do this.
Then you can work into groups that do this together and you learn the stages of and the requirements in each stage and measurement.
You learn about measurement a lot and problem definition a lot. I said learn that, you can do anything in corporate.
Actually, anything. And you do enough projects, you don't even need to be a domain expert. You'll become the person who's good at getting to the answer because you have a rubric that you can use with people to get there.
And then they'll be like, this is what I've gotten in my career. They start saying, you could do anything in tech.
And I'm like, whatever you think, yes. It's like very untrue. I cannot do anything in tech. But when you work in those frameworks, you can get to answers sometimes and go, okay, I'll run the project even though I have no frigging clue what's going on.
So that's the advice I gave to a paralegal. Learn tech and learn how to manage a project. And learn tech and project management at any means.
And learning the legal side of it is on-the-job training. Go clean up the mess and you will learn it.
@50:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm. Ooh, I like this. This will be a good post. It'll be a great post.
@50:56 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. I'm so fired up about domain experience. When somebody disses me, Osman, I get so fired up. I go, a fire burns within me that I can't, I, I, it's like the fire and flame and the force and jewels of 1,000 suns.
That is such a good analogy.
@51:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@51:24 - Jenn McCarron
Is this, is that the right measurement? Is jewels? Uh, jewels is a measure of energy. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
@51:31 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, is. Um, we're almost out of time. Uh, a few things, last few things I wanted to cover.
Uh, first one is the invoice matching feature video. Is that something that you'll create this week? Or if, if, if you have time?
Um, because I think that would be a really good way of like, yeah, showcasing, I think the, yeah, upcoming features is like probably the
Yeah, or like announcements, already a in mind. Like one is obviously invoice matching, the other one is the auto family, I believe.
@52:09 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, yeah.
@52:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And then another one could be like SOC 2 announcement. Like that could be consecutive, like one per week, something.
Great.
@52:18 - Jenn McCarron
Invoice matching, auto familying, and SOC 2. And then remind me the length on these videos we're going for. I'll say a minute, a minute 30.
@52:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like max.
@52:35 - Jenn McCarron
minute to one minute 30. Loom format. Yeah.
@52:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is okay.
@52:46 - Jenn McCarron
And I might put logo. So, in terms of like, do I just hand you a loom of a minute 30 of me doing it?
And then what are you going to do? What in the edit or do I do, like, what do you do for logo music?
@53:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Um, normally there is no music in LinkedIn videos. I guess it depends on the purpose because it kind of wants to be like, you want people to kind of understand what you're saying.
So do you want music?
@53:20 - Jenn McCarron
I'm, you have to understand I'm so conditioned as a musician and a YouTuber to have everything I do scored.
Like if it were up to me, every time I walk into a sales pitch, I'd have two guitarists on stage going, like windmilling, like I'm, I'm extreme and off the wall.
Is music too much to put behind a one minute long, even if it's soft textural background music? Is it too much?
@53:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I haven't seen any videos like that. So if we do do it, it would be like, uh, this is a gen video.
And so you're like knowing. For that style. So if that is what you want, or should it just be like a, yeah, I think it's more of a preference, because like, maybe, let's try no music.
@54:11 - Jenn McCarron
Let's just try it, no music for the first few. Keep it simple. I'm going to try to do them in a minute to keep them really bite-sized.
Like, I love a time constraint. And get it in their brains. Let's try that. we can think about making it gen videos down the road.
@54:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I guess, like, the basic structure is just, like, announcing what this is, like, why you guys built this in the first place.
Maybe, yeah, why you guys built this. And then, like, walking through the feature itself. And then maybe some, like, call to action.
Or, like, just hope you enjoyed it. Kind of, like, very soft. Like, if people, like, I think something similar to what you would do on a stage.
Like, like, with that older family, I think you mentioned. It was quite good and hit quite well. So something similar to that, I would say.
@55:05 - Jenn McCarron
So call to action is what?
@55:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Could be something like, what do we want them to do? To message you? Because it wouldn't be a give it a try because it's not a free product.
What did that guy say in the sample?
@55:28 - Jenn McCarron
And you know what? Did I send you? IvoGuy just posted a video of Autofamily. Did you see that? Oh.
@55:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, let me look now. Yeah, I feel like these guys are all posting feature stuff. And I think people in the market are always comparing like, oh, this company did this.
Like, does Contrax AI have it? Thank you.
@55:58 - Jenn McCarron
Automatically identifying relationships. Gyps, yeah, I'm looking at his. Hang on, I'm turning the volume up. Oh, yeah. Where's the sound?
Is there sound? Oh, there's no sound. See it in action below. He did a written post. Right, and no sound.
See it in action below.
@56:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you like these kind of videos? Like, I personally don't like them. No, I don't think it goes in.
@56:27 - Jenn McCarron
I don't think it goes in. I think me, the person speaking, is going to tell the story, like, as you just started saying it, like, what this is, why we built it, see it here, here's the demo, and then boom.
Is there a boom? I don't want to say, like, get in touch if you want to see it. don't want to be, like, so over it.
@56:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like, um. If this is something that would help, would love to chat, or maybe, um, like if this is something you would find useful, would love to have a chat, maybe that could be, a good one.
Yeah.
@57:22 - Jenn McCarron
If this is something you'd find useful. I'd love to chat. That's nice, because I could say it really warmly.
@57:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like not too pushy. It's just like, oh, if you found this valuable, great.
@57:40 - Jenn McCarron
Let's chat.
@57:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, let's chat. Yeah, exactly.
@57:43 - Jenn McCarron
Cool. Okay, so our Word plugin is ready also, and our Word plugin is both for standalone and for O365.
And that's different, that's something Ivo doesn't have. So what do you think, what's the order of operations here? I don't think it should be invoice matching first because that's amazing, but I want to get legal's attention.
Yeah, yeah.
@58:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I'll say, what do you think is like the standout feature that people are maybe asking? Is it the word?-familying and word plugin.
Okay, yeah. Maybe we could go with those.
@58:33 - Jenn McCarron
Okay, tell me when I should have the first one made by to hand off to you.
@58:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Because right now is Tuesday, like ideally, we'll probably post these on like a Monday or Tuesday, so like next week.
So I'd say by the end of the week, it is fine. By end of day Friday.
@59:00 - Jenn McCarron
Friday, deliver the first one to you.
@59:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. And then that would be for the next week and then the week after. I can just do a loom.
@59:09 - Jenn McCarron
We'll just do one. One loom. Say it's one minute. Hit those features. Do you edit it? Do you chop out any, like, bits?
Or are you just looking to take it as is and put it?
@59:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm thinking of taking it as is just because it's more raw.
@59:27 - Jenn McCarron
Okay, great.
@59:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So you're quite good at articulating it. So I feel like there wouldn't be any, like, as long as many stutters than computer art.
@59:35 - Jenn McCarron
There'll be no stutters and no ums. I just have to know that we're not editing so I can dial my brain into one take wonder mode.
No mistakes. Yeah. One take more raw. Okay, great.
@59:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
people, when they record, it's one take. Great.
@59:57 - Jenn McCarron
All right, so loom. Desktop. It's tough. Top share of the app and my face in a square circle in picture-in-picture.
Yeah, got it. Yeah.
@1:00:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So like the one I shared with you, was like full screen of the founder, and then it shrinks into the product demo.
So that could be something that's like the hook of the video, or it could just go straight into the video, straight into the product.
@1:00:31 - Jenn McCarron
Can you do that on Loom, or is that an edit in post?
@1:00:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, I think that would be an edit. I'll research if there are any tools for that. I'm actually not sure.
I have an editor.
@1:00:43 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, I just will, I can have my editor. Oh, okay. Yeah, I think that might be. So what's that?
It's full screen me talking about feature, why we built it. Like, me.
@1:01:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And then, yeah, like your face kind of shrinks in, and then it'll be the product demo.
@1:01:10 - Jenn McCarron
Face shrinks, and then the product demo. So that would be, I would record a loom. Do I even need to record a loom?
Can I just record an OBS and have my editor do full screen, 10, 15 seconds, shrink me, the loom or loom equivalent of the demo, 45 seconds.
Great. Yeah, and then that'll be the remaining. And then, you know, logo out. If I'm going to pull my editor in, I'll just have him do the fade to logo.
Great. Okay. That's a little more involved, but I am still able to do it because I've got people. So, great.
I'll have you something by the end of the week.
@1:02:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. Amazing. Yeah, so those, did you have, oh, I remember you were looking at website relaunch. Do we have a date for that?
Or is there like a date you have? It's going to be like two more weeks or so.
@1:02:32 - Jenn McCarron
They have to do a lot of the coding from the ground up.
@1:02:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah, that could be later then. Sock 2, was there, did you manage to chat with Fanny around like maybe specific design decisions you guys had around the product that made it easier to get approved or to get Sock 2?
@1:02:54 - Jenn McCarron
If not, totally good. Did we have decisions around... around... have around...
@1:03:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like design decisions around the product that made it easier to get socked to? Because I remember you were like, oh, you guys got it pretty fast.
It's like in a few months or something.
@1:03:13 - Jenn McCarron
It was more, yeah, there were design decisions and it was definitely stuff in his camp that had to do with tech and the audit of it all, like the auditability of it all.
It's not something I can speak about like fluently. From what I saw with Sock 2, we had to do a lot of policy decisions with Sock 2.
Like you have to just make a decision to put a lot of policy in place and then you manage that policy and you manage your company to it.
And so structural decisions, yeah, absolutely. And how we run things and shape the tech.
@1:03:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm, okay, yeah, I'll draw something and then we could always shape it as we go. Awesome. Cool. Yeah. I have everything for this week.
Amazing. Always great to chat. Always great to chat.
@1:04:08 - Jenn McCarron
Osman, you're the best. Thank you so much. One last quick one. We're scheduled to do a post tomorrow. Yes.
@1:04:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. So it will be Wednesday and Friday.
@1:04:19 - Jenn McCarron
And then you're going to work in something that might be more timely to the Lagora race.
@1:04:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yes. So hopefully I will get that Lagora article to you by tomorrow. So then we could have something potentially like either tomorrow or Thursday to go live.
So that would be like a quick turnaround.
@1:04:38 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. Great.
@1:04:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Because there's a timely topic. So I want to have it out.
@1:04:41 - Jenn McCarron
Me too. I'm with you. Priority. As far as this video I did with Sam Flynn, should I do a repost?
I don't want to mess up what we're doing. Is it worth doing a repost of this video as a post in one of our...
guys just put away Doctor this What one day this week? And if so, what day? I want to prioritize.
Probably a Friday.
@1:05:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I would say the more people are online, like Tuesday or Thursday. So if you were to do it, because we're posting on a morning, maybe end of day, like 6 p.m., 7 p.m., as far away as possible from the original post time.
So let's say if do 9.30 p.m., maybe like 6 p.m., 7 p.m. kind of thing.
@1:05:29 - Jenn McCarron
So you think I should repost that 6 p.m. on a Friday?
@1:05:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I think if we are to do it, like that would probably be best.
@1:05:37 - Jenn McCarron
Great, not 6 p.m., like tonight, tomorrow, next night.
@1:05:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I guess to not kind of like...
@1:05:50 - Jenn McCarron
As know, I don't want to post it for him or for any... I want to post it for maximum, like when's the best time to post that, but without...
You and I sacrificing our momentum and the priority of our posts, which are far more substantive, I believe, than that video.
Yeah.
@1:06:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Okay, Friday. Let's do Friday.
@1:06:11 - Jenn McCarron
So you think, because we have a post going up Friday, you and I? Yeah.
@1:06:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So it would just be like a morning for our post, and then Friday would be another post.
@1:06:22 - Jenn McCarron
Okay, so this, and just last note on this, this video is about, he called it like Legal Week. This is the conference in New York this week.
Legal Week talks. Walk and talks. Is it a relevant content of him and I walking and talking about trends at the end of Legal Week?
Does it even matter? Does it even, like, people are just going to watch cool video content or not?
@1:06:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I think that's more just entertainment.
@1:06:51 - Jenn McCarron
Okay, so you think 6p Friday? Yeah. Like, basically the rush hour or time frame home Friday. Yeah. Thank you.
you. Thank Noted in my calendar. Thank you so much, Osman. Send me stuff and we'll talk very soon.
@1:07:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Awesome. Sounds good. Appreciate it.
@1:07:07 - Jenn McCarron
Bye. Talk to you soon.
@1:07:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Bye-bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Content Interviews Week 14.docx ===
Contracts.ai weekly content interviews - May 06
VIEW RECORDING - 64 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'm great, thank you. Busy week. Good so far. I'm busy and I'm traveling tomorrow to California, so the week will split in two.
@0:15 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, nice. Oh, so there's clock in California. No, clock's in Chicago.
@0:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I have to go to California first and meet with my investors. Ooh. Uh-huh, and then see funny, see some customers.
Hang on, I'm switching my mic line. Yeah, multiple microphones. Welcome to my studio. Okay, great. That's annoying, but okay, cool.
And then after those, I'll just like hang in California for the weekend, then go to Chicago for the clock conference.
Nice.
@1:03 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, you should take a lot of photos of Spani if you can.
@1:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, there will be photos for sure, and noted take photos, traveling, conference thoughts, and let me actually just like write that into my to-do list so that I do it.
I'm usually pretty on top of that, but we can definitely benefit from content. I'm just going to write, take photos.
And then in terms of like our meeting next week, I am not, I'm not sure I'm going to be able to make that because I will be running a booth and, you know, being on the floor at our event.
@1:46 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah, we could push it if you'd like.
@1:51 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And or like, do you want, do we do just like a really brief check-in? Like, I want to make sure you have what you need, right?
Yeah. Stay on the schedule and on our posts. So how do you do this? What works best for you?
@2:07 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I think for that week, most likely we'll post a lot of stuff about like Clark or just legal ops related stuff.
And so I would say, yeah, depending on even this, like today, if we cover a lot of stuff, then potentially we could skip next week as well.
@2:31 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Great. Let's plan for that. We'll cut stuff today and then I will go, I could go into like a live capture mode where I send you three photos, three paragraph or voice memo blurbs or something of like what happened on Monday or something like that.
Yeah. Voice notes will be perfect.
@2:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Like anytime you meet someone interesting, some conversation, just voice note that through to me and then that could be a quick post.
Amazing.
@3:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Awesome.
@3:02 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Any interesting conversations over the past week? Oh my God, yes.
@3:08 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So I'm noticing this shift on LinkedIn where the Legal Tech Fund, I meant to send you this, they put up a big splash with a graphic.
I'll send it to you right now. And it's, they're watching. And the graphic says, the data layer is the real moat.
And I'm like, let's go. And some of my peers, like Cammie Paulson, she's a big contracts expert that works at Deloitte, is saying the same thing, talking about this shift.
And I'm just like, told you so, you guys, this is what I came in. This was my vision on February 29th, 2024.
When I went live with a CLM, looked back and saw 3 million data points. And then I wrote this LegalOps 3.0 manifesto.
It's all about the data only. That's not to say the drafting and the legal work to get there isn't important.
Of course it is. But this is about the data. And those with the best data will optimize the revenue, will move the fastest in their competitive industries.
So seeing that is a real like watershed moment for me that people are validating the signal again that I know in my soul from years of experience.
This isn't made up signal. This is not a guess. This is a hypothesis. After 12 years as a practitioner and having a really like I was one of the first people in 2021 to sign with an AI CLM for that data moment on February 29th.
And I worked my off for three years to get there with Netflix and my team. And I got that and I know that.
And to see that here, I'm like, let's go. So. I'm hearing it in customer convos too. Customers are in convo going, oh my God, okay, I see something here.
I'm seeing what you're meaning with a data layer. And I think I told you this last week, like one customer that we're going to sign is like, I'm not even dealing with CLM right now.
We got to get this data warehouse in order. And several customers this week have come to us saying, we need the data link.
And I'm like, we'll do you one better. We'll give you the warehouse.
@5:30 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, is that the exact language? data lake, data lake? Yes.
@5:34 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And this is like, I'm quoting funny, an engineer at like a Google scale engineer, AI engineer going and knowing the difference between those two and going, we'll do you one better.
This is the warehouse. This is the contract system of your data record. That's what a data warehouse should be.
And now that it's data-ified, that's my term I always use, data-ification. I should make t-shirts with that, I should make hats, because that's how big this is.
Our whole product narrative is now, I feel it, I was in slides earlier, I just demoed to Vonage, and Vonage is like, what?
And seeing what I was showing in the 28-minute call, going, wait, what? And Vonage has Evisort, who I put in for three years, and Evisort is not cutting it on multi-levels, both delivery, pricing, and tech is, too many things, CLM, not great at 1.2 things.
So they were even saying, like, we care about revenue optimization, what do you have to say about that? And I was like, that's all we care about.
This is the bridge to money. We count dollars. We're live with you and your contracts in six weeks. It's the data warehouse of your contracts, and now the new product narrative I have to, like, reform in my slides is, Now that the context.
Contract is data. There's a song from like the early 90s. I think it's Heavy D and the Boys. Now that we found love, what are we gonna do with it?
It's a very like big expression, especially in like Gen X's The Buyer's Minds. Now that we have contract data, what are we gonna do with it?
And then the song is, you're gonna take that up into your drafting and you're gonna draft against precedent. Yeah, we have a pre-sig Microsoft add-on feature.
We don't lead with that because everybody does. Who cares? It's commoditized. Answer, it's commoditized now, Microsoft and Anthropic. We're there.
It's over. What are those startups even doing right now? I'd be freaking the F out. Number two, you can turn it as, take data and agentically send it to this finance workflow, to that billing outside council management.
Workflow. We will build the agent to do it. We already have two built into finance that optimize revenue. So let's go.
And the data layer is the real mode because you can do all of that once it's data. But when it's not, you're just GPT wrapping.
@8:16 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, that's a common theme I've been hearing is like, are these GPT wrappers going to die up because of Claude on Microsoft?
And yeah, we're starting to see that. Do you want to reference that LegalOps 3.0 article that you created?
@8:33 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
sure, sure.
@8:34 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
And then add like, this was my prediction back then, just having style references. And then here's what we're seeing right now in validation with this article.
I think that'd be quite cool. Awesome. And I think, yeah, like the data layer is the mode. I think that should be like a repeating thing that we talk about ongoing.
@8:52 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
let's go. Let's do it.
@8:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Because I don't really see anyone else talking about that. It's more the like application layer. Um, that I feel everyone's competing in.
Yep. Um, cool.
@9:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And here's the example of a data layer being the mode. When it's, when you have a true data layer, and true AI native ability, and vectorization, and all the things that we have, because I have a very advanced engineer who thinks it's scale, this, here's what's happening.
We're, we're going live with our big, um, big enterprise early customer. And she, the other day, shows the application to her local language attorneys, and says, hey, Italian attorney, hey, French and German, check this out.
Look at the localized, look at the extract, prompt in your language, all the different layers that we have localization applied in that we did in the post.
And they went, whoa, cause they're not used to seeing anything coming, especially via American headquartered companies in their language.
They're used to. Operating in English, and these are multilingual people. So they saw that and they were really excited.
Minor tweaks to minor things that need to happen, sure. All like fair feedback, nothing major. And she writes back in the email that there were some shifts at the firm.
She'll share more with us later. But with the appetite, with how well that went and how she's seeing the tech show up and deliver from a data set, the answers to the users.
She said, with shifts and what I'm seeing, I'm having a vision to extend contracts AI across corporate services and go big.
And she said, betting, I want to put all my eggs in this basket with you guys because of what's going on and how this can serve the enterprise.
And I said, and I don't know what she means. I don't know her detailed vision. I don't know what corporate services entails.
But I said to her, well, as I told you, Lisa. Lisa. When you signed on with a dev partnership with us, you have me and Funny as your team to do whatever you need to add value to your company.
Let's go. You got us. Let's do this. We're excited to learn more. So she's already in week six of her implementation.
She'll be done in by week eight. We'll be live over 50,000 contracts. Yeah. Very short. Yeah, we're just it's super short.
We're refining. And and let me tell you how every call went. She had to do a lot of work, sure.
But she showed up to every call with two like analyst level project manager people and him and I just like rampaging through spreadsheets and analysis and pivot tables with her.
Like we led her through it because we are expert. I mean, that guy worked at Deloitte and I'm a Lean Six Sigma and I've I've led thousands of people through.
I'm Thank Large scale deployments. know how to show up to a meeting. I know how to crack jokes, take notes, get to action items and crank.
I was like such an analyst at heart. And so she was led. She said that to us, too, on the last call.
She's like, God, she's like, this is my only meeting where I show up and I lean back and I'm led through something super fast, data intensive implementation.
So the signal from that is so strong. The speed signal and the implementation is so strong. And then what she's able to sit back and vision so quickly with us is so strong.
And why is she able to see that? Because she's not mired down in hell implementation and dragging out for three years.
She's seeing the horizon of the end of our implementation and going now and next.
@12:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I'm thinking maybe. We could do a post around how you guys do that implementation process because it seems like back in the past conversations you mentioned there are some companies that there has been like months and months.
Let's do it. They lie.
@13:16 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
They all lie and say it's fast and you get going and like they send, sorry to sound so disparaging, they send some idiot to roll it out with you from the startup.
They send someone who's like good, not great or generic and not a wraparound person who's like strong but not psychologically flexible and adaptive to any environment they get dropped in.
That is so hard to find. That is funny and I, he has, we both have consulting backgrounds. I just consulted in house because I quit the consulting job.
He did Deloitte. He traveled everywhere and parachuted into companies and parachuted out. So we're very adaptive. And we drive, in that sense, a very tight and fast implementation as a service.
@14:11 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay, okay. Maybe we could do two separate posts. I think one, I think it would be good to talk about from the demo side of things, and then the second one would be more the implementation side of things.
@14:23 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Amazing. Oh my god, I think I just came up with the name of a podcast if I start one.
Oh yeah? Yeah. Yeah, I think it should be thin moat, or some play on the phrase moat, the real moat, moat.
Get off my moat, something moat. I hate this term.
@14:51 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Do you think I should tie something to legal though, just because they kind of need to immediately know, oh, this is for me.
Like, this There's a lot of, like, I don't know, marketing podcasts, like, there's something marketing, blah, blah, blah, and then maybe some legal, blah, blah, blah, like, I think having that.
@15:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And, like, a podcast name?
@15:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or, I think, some, like, outcome. So, like, for example, My First Million is, like, a really good, like, the whole goal is to, you know, help people get their first million, and then there's, like, other ones where it's more, like, leadership-related, so that's, like, the outcome, which is, I need to learn, like, leadership.
So, I think moat is, like, it doesn't, one, specify the outcome or direction, and it, two, doesn't specify the audience.
I think that's the only thing. But I like the name, but I think there could be something added to it.
@15:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Thin Moats, the legal tech podcast. I mean, Thin Moat, by the way, is what Ironclad called us. They said, we have a thin moat, and I want to.
I want to still fight that person that said that.
@16:05 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I still want to fight them.
@16:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'm fighting them every day by innovating faster than they ever could and being far more articulate in my marketing.
All right. Well, I like those. I'll keep cooking on potential podcasts. You're right. It should be outcome-based. Yeah. Okay.
@16:23 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So what would you say are a few things a legal tech vendor does in a demo that immediately tells you they don't understand enterprise legal ops?
@16:35 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Number one, they don't. What does a legal tech vendor do that signals they don't understand enterprise? Yeah.
@16:43 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
In a demo.
@16:44 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I mean, number one, if they don't ask, if they don't listen, do a listen for the first one to two minutes of what's going on in the enterprise, they have.
I no idea. And they're just going to present you something generic.
@17:07 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Because you mentioned Sandstone. They didn't understand Enterprise, right? They don't know anything about Enterprise.
@17:13 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
They've hardly worked. They've hardly worked in one. They worked in management consulting, which meant they parachuted in and out.
They never stayed for the long-haul hell. And the detail for Enterprise is in the long-haul. You have to be, this is a marathon, not a sprint.
And companies like that, they're going to be all sprinters. And why they pound the pavement on mid-market is because you can sprint and get two users, and you have a logo, and you have a deal.
Great. Respect for that. Enterprise is a long road. There is complexity. And understanding the architecture of the city. Systems and the politics of the teams and who owns what, how you get buy-in, how you get budget even.
Like I'm working with Zendesk on a longer play because they took one look, my peer there, Catherine, she's so awesome and smart, the legal ops leader and the GC took one look at this and they're like, we want it and we want finance to pay for it.
Because we do not have the budget. Legal does not get the budget to stack and stack and stack on technology.
Like the CFO is going to say to the CLO, what are you doing, bro? What are you doing? What are you building?
Who do you think you are? A tech innovator? Do deals and make legal the gateway of deal, right? Deal making.
And that's exactly right. That's fair. They shouldn't be fun. Defending crazy tech. But sometimes they have to, to operationalize and transform and make legal work in a little more modern of a way.
Cool. But there's, you have to also understand that. And no salesperson is going to get this. Legal ops is a little bit of a moving ship in that they, I believe, go into the enterprise and it's not stable.
They're here to transform. They're looked at as almost consultants. And it can, you can spend four years putting in the thing and then they shift you out and go, okay, we don't want to spend this anymore on your like half a million dollar salary to just park it here and like endlessly implement tech.
They're lawyers. They're looking for done and it doesn't ever happen with tech. So it shifts and vendors might not get that.
They might not understand the shifting nature, the complexity, the enterprise complexity, the lack of budget, and therefore lack of budget.
How to position this. And unfortunately, they might start saying. We're your one-stop shop in order to position a wedge in.
And then as soon as you hear those words, that's a death sentence. You want an endless, we should put this in a quote, you want an endless implementation that takes years and has, is difficult to show ROI, put one-stop shop on the slide and sell it to your leaders.
@20:22 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, I feel very targeted, but this is good. It's like anonymized by targeting. It's true, I've lived this, I've lived this.
@20:29 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
When I hear those words, I get a rash, I have like a this reaction, and I'll never say that to customers.
And you know, like Sandstone, was at a dinner with him and a bunch of like elite, legal tech, movers and shakers, intimate dinner last week in New York.
And I heard him like describe his platform as the knowledge layer for legal, and I wanted to like hit pause and go, but what the does that mean?
@20:59 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What? does that mean?
@21:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Where's your moat? There's no data layer there. It's a bunch of, like, agents, agenting, and that's fair, but that's application.
Yeah. Instead, I just stayed quiet and I studied everyone and put out good vibes.
@21:21 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, observing the enemy, the opponents. So it looks like a lot of it is actually around the operator's background, and, like, because they don't have the, I guess, enterprise background, they don't have the understanding of how to build a product or software to cater to enterprise.
Zach, does that summarize it? Say that again, that operator background. So, like, the thing that immediately tells you that they don't understand enterprise, I think the first thing is the operator's background, like the founder's background.
@22:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So they won't have knowledge of how all of this works. Some do, and I don't want to say that none of them do.
Many have worked, many startup founders in the legal tech space have law degrees and have worked as a lawyer in some capacity in a law firm and are coming in.
But let's look at Ivo guy, for example. He worked for like two hours in a law firm in New Zealand.
Yeah, New Zealand. Yeah.
@22:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah.
@22:33 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
like, cool, bro. But also, and no disrespect, because I know that you have heritage from all those places. But like, it wasn't Amlaw 100 in New York City, which is the home of the lawyer shark.
So he has some experience, but the level of complexity of where you work, it informs your domain perspective and experience and then how you think and build.
And so he has, Minkyu's built a really solid product with Ivo, and you see where they are in funding and marketing.
They're going for it. We will get there in half the time because we can just start cutting corners, doing it in double time, hitting, we started with complexity in Fortune 500.
And we come from there, and there's Signal, and there's Match. We were on with Vonage today, and their frigging heads blew off their shoulders.
He was not showing Vonage, his first product. He was showing mid-market, smaller companies, and his first product is actually dead.
He had to kill and pivot and rebuild and go forward and rebrand in their Ivo. Great, he did it in three years.
That's awesome. We'll get there more quickly. We'll get Signal sooner. And I know this from, I had a conversation, two combos with Meta recently, and tomorrow...
So Thursday, I'm meeting with some scientist at Meta, a product who wants a demo, someone from the research Meta model world, none of this legal .
He met me at a breakfast in legal week. I said something edgy. He disagreed with me. I was like, oh my God, I'm an idiot or he hates me.
And then now he wants to talk. So number one, that side of Meta. But number two, and he's a former GC who went into research at Meta.
But the Meta guys I've been speaking with are in legal tech. And they brought in Ivo and they said it is not enterprise ready whatsoever.
It's strong at pre-sig, at drafting, because MinQ was a lawyer. And he can listen to the lawyers and take the menu order and put it right into the product.
But they are not strong technologists and they are not enterprise scale. And so they struggle to meet security standards, volume data searching, vectorizing, databasing.
Standards. And delivery at a scale. And that will take them so much time. And when we signed Evisort in 2021 when was at Netflix, they were in no way ready for enterprise.
But we chose them and thought, let's bet on them. We think they can get there. But what it took for my team to get there was blood.
Honestly, people had to get fired from their team to get there. Wow. Yeah. Oh, and this is a great example.
They would send these sales kind of CSM project people into the room to roll it out with us. And they just wouldn't fit us.
It was large enterprise. then a very particular, Fang is very particular, large enterprise, demanding, and sometimes chaotic. And these guys were too, like, by the book.
And, like, member of my team went to the leadership at Evisort, and they were like, you got to pull this dude out.
It's not working. We're hitting our Heads into the wall. And then this is why we liked Evisort, because the Evisort leader walked that person into the room and fired them out of the company.
And I was like, ooh, burn, like. Cool. We could stay in business with you. So yeah. So those are just like dimensions of me in-house, what I used to look for.
And a lot of the software that would come through is like, we'd go, this is cute. Mid-market will love this.
This will never work. Ironclad would never work at a Netflix or a size enterprise.
@26:30 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So what did you look for that made it not be able to work?
@26:36 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Lack of real database, application layer, search, large-scale data, moving volumes, workflow that can move high volumes of things and have variability in it to adjust.
The stuff that needs to adjust to how something moves in an enterprise, if it's workflow, or the databasing and the search and the reporting aspect.
That comes from repository. And you know what the number one telltale sign was? That it was not ready for enterprise?
It was a really good UI. Like pretty. The prettier the product, the more we kind of looked at it and were suspect because we're like, we know where you're putting your money and your time.
And front end is wonderful. And it's so important. But to have that further along than the back end and the tech ability for large scale complexity, red flag.
@27:41 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
How interesting. Yeah, this is legal tech.
@27:45 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
This is not, it's not consumer tech. It's not fintech. It was, it's in a different place. And that place is behind everything else.
And so I think like this was 2021 to 2024 standards. It's possible with the boom. Of legal tech that now there's enough money coming in to fund really good UI and really strong enterprise grades?
Sure. It's moved forward, but not that far. Funny looks at all of what we see in the CLM products.
We started to see CLMs. We're getting their sandboxes from our customers. And he just looked at Agiloft and he went, what the hell is going on here?
And Funny's from India. He can handle everything in the kitchen sink, overloading his mind. This is Indian culture. And he looked at Agiloft and went, what the hell?
This looks like junk.
@28:38 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, okay. I like to double click on the implementation side of things now because you mentioned how this episode example and maybe even horror stories of implementation that you've seen go wrong and why they've gone wrong.
And then go into like how you guys do implementation and like why. Why you guys chose this direction or this process?
@29:02 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, here's one horror story. I'm just getting my facts so that I tell it right the first time. When we implemented a CLM, they had APIs, but they didn't have the understanding of connecting it into the enterprise layer.
As you may know, there's often a single integration layer at large companies that you have to integrate with that.
then in order to integrate, we're not just going to build a direct line to CLM. We're going to build into, I think at Netflix it was called Llama or something.
We're going to connect into something that's... God, that's just part of, it's called enterprise infrastructure, it's security and architecture, and because of that, we had to bring in another firm, a tech services firm, in a very expensive but worth it partnership, and they had to build a middleware for us to pull and push stuff through because we wanted to integrate CLM with a couple of things, and we're not going to build one for one.
We're going to build singular, and there were not, there weren't, not the resources on the CLM side to provide us that.
We had to bring in an additional team and partnership, and they became an extension of our team and our tech services.
was also like, partly like, I didn't want a staff that way, I didn't want. To staff more people that were veiled engineers inside legal, but I needed more tech jobs.
And I was able to mask it in this professional and technical services engagement we had. And then they did a lot of the middleware building and tinkering and managing of.
That's a hidden cost of connecting and implementing and connecting and maintaining over time the CLM in a larger scale enterprise.
And with us, like CompareContrast, we have that engineering competency up front. We are assuming the build and cost and maintenance of all the API-ing will build into the layer.
We know the difference between all of that. And then we have AI monitoring our layers and connections. And you don't have to wait for someone to run a workflow and it fails.
Oh, the DocuSign integration's dead. F. That was my life at Spotify. As soon as the integration dies on our end or trips, our AI is working on it.
Our platform is working on it and sending reports to the engineering. So not only do we know that architecture and enterprise scale requirement, and then we assume the building and the maintenance of, but an AI native and first company has AI in our stack to help augment our own ability to sustain, maintain, monitor all of this.
@32:42 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So is the, like, these implementation hidden costs, is it because they haven't factored in what it takes to work with enterprise customers?
@32:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yes, 100%. They don't know how. And they learn on the spot. They get a ton of funding. And some signal and they learn as they go.
Nobody at Evisore, and we'll never mention Evisore, and I'll never mention their names again because it would actually help them.
And we don't want to reveal if I'm saying like the downside stuff. But those people, did they ever work a day in their life?
Not sure they did. I don't know that they worked. They maybe had a job or two in their young career and then went into Harvard Law School and then started a tech product from within the business incubator inside like the HBS and HLS pathway and then came out and started selling from there.
And look, those guys paid their domain dues. It was 10 years of work and startup building before they went into acquisition by workday.
So you have to pay your dues to learn the domain and the enterprise pain points. And I believe they learned a lot of it.
A lot of their customers were larger scale. Big logos, that's why they were acquired. Because it wasn't all mid-market, it was larger.
And it worked for the time, but I don't know that it's going to work over time and across time.
I think they had their moment and staying on top of the mountain that they summited in this age of AI when their leaders are now like four guys inside Workday.
It's just a, odds are no.
@34:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Are there questions you would ask a vendor to determine what that implementation process looks like?
@34:42 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
As like an in-house person? Yeah. Yeah, I would say, what's the security? Tell me your security posture. Tell me your average implementation.
Implementation time and cost. Tell me the resources needed for implementation from my end and what you provide. Show me the person who's going to be implementing.
I want to interview that project or implementation lead before we commit. They have to be able to culture fit with the customer, with us.
Even when I worked at Blackstone, I was on the team implementing Workday for the company, for a company inside Blackstone.
Blackstone was rolling out Workday across the whole portfolio. And I was helping this portfolio go in. And they sent the tech services team.
And the first project manager they sent, the minute they started talking, I was like, this is going to be a disaster.
And it was. And we had to roll that person off. So they need an attention to detail. I need to feel like what Lisa, our customer said to me, I need.
I feel as the customer when I did all these implementations. I need to feel led by the project lead.
And I need someone who is detail-oriented, a real note-taker, action-itemer, self-starter, attention to detail that's beyond, and they can just carry us through.
It's their job to get us successful. When I'm the in-house person, I have five of these projects going on.
And I need to be led. And the more you put the burden on us to lead and do a lot of this, all the hidden manual work that needs to get done in order to move into a new system, the more that burden comes to us, the more we are just compressed.
And this gets harder and protracts and takes longer. So I want to know who the lead is and what they're willing to invest in our success.
And here's an example. I don't know if I will ever say this about it. Evasort. But Evasort apparently put a million-dollar team behind our implementation to make it successful and had to move a few people off and on to keep up with the caliber and complexity, in addition to us having a professional tech services team helping us implement.
Yeah, they put their best and staffed behind our implementation pretty much to the cost of what we were spending in a year.
And that was a really strong signal to me that the partnership is balanced and has a chance to bring this live.
And it went live. So yeah, what are they willing to invest in our success? And is it everything? And I use this analogy of like, what will they invest in the partnership with us as a customer of an implementation, implementing company?
What are you willing to invest in the partnership? Partnership, actually. How will you show up as the CEO of the CPO, the CTO, whatever?
Who's the project lead? How will the C's support the project leads? And how will the C's check in with the exec sponsor on the customer side to make sure all's going well?
And what are they willing to do? I I told you I watched one of my partner on the other side fire someone that wasn't working.
He didn't roll them off. He fired them. He sacrificed that person's livelihood to show us, I will do anything for your success.
And that's very strong. And we can put the rated G version of that. I'm like, that's blood. Because what we were putting in was revolutionary.
And to get to revolution, there must be bloodshed in the literature, in the classics. This is like what it takes to transform.
Some things have to go. And if your partner in the partnership is really willing to... ... ... ... ...
... Build the bespoke team that will see this through to success. That's the strongest signal. And then, of course, the tech, back-end ability and scale ability has to be there for enterprise.
The architecture, how it works. And to me, UI is last. But to idiots, UI is first. And sometimes with a lawyer who doesn't have time and they're on the decision committee, they see the tech and they're like, it's so pretty.
I know it has oil paintings. It's pretty. And it stands out for the customer. But to people like legal ops and tech people, that comes last.
@39:40 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay. This is great. I kind of shift into the legal ops stuff now. What's a best practice in legal ops that is actually just a shared bad habit, the industry never questioned?
@40:10 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I think there's a, if I'm speaking, I can get more specific. I think there's a broad bad habit where legal ops can have a checklist mentality and prescriptive mentality that they feel they've gleaned these norms and strategic ways of working and delivering, solving.
They feel they've gleaned it from the community and the clock and the chatter and the echo chamber. And then they don't have the ability to step out of that and burn it all down and go almost like a consultant walking in going, well, what do you need legal?
What do you need now? What are the most important things, CLO? They're leaders on your strategy this year that you need to achieve for you to look good, for you to succeed, for legal to have impact.
What's on your burning to-do list? I think sometimes they walk in with a checklist and try to solve that way, and it's not creative, it's not bespoke, it's not listening to the customer or client or the legal department's needs first and foremost before formulating an opinion.
When I walked in to Netflix, I was mum. I spoke so little in meetings that they were like, oh my God, they thought they hired the wrong person.
They were like, she's very quiet, weird on the interview, she wouldn't like shut up. And I was learning and I was listening and I was taking them on and understanding the center of the culture and the business need there and what was really important.
And then I was going to come out and devise a strategy from there after listening for three minutes. And so sometimes, like, I know this, like, I know legal ops people used to, like, rip the, they would pull the slides of how someone did such and such from the clock slide bank, how Jen did KM, how Mary wrote the billing guidelines.
Like, we were, in the early days, clock, we would just share all of our stuff. And then they would take that and try to prescribe with it.
And we'd be like, eh, don't do that. Don't do that. There's no, like, because clock said it, it means something.
It doesn't mean anything. What matters is what you and the leader you're working with in the legal department come up with.
And just because clock has talked about 12 things in a pretty little wheel that all factor into, like, transforming a legal department, that doesn't mean you tell them any of those things.
Tell them few things, because they're going to be overwhelmed and think that you're a waitress offering 12 things on a menu.
And they're going to order nine of 12 things and you'll be fired in a year because you can't do nine things.
You should do one thing. Strategy is two things, two and a half. In the beginning, need more small than big, small wins versus big wins.
And I think people go in and go start on big things. And then sometimes the legal department will get some note that they want the big thing.
And you'll walk in and start delivering the big thing and then it's hard to show your value in a short term, shorter time frame.
So also having the judgment and knowing, I don't think the legal ops people always have, is like knowing how to pepper in small, medium, large wins.
So there's this like mentality there of checklisting, prescribing, and executing from that place and not being able to strategically, creatively wrap around the true needs of the business.
Hmm.
@43:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay. There was another question I had, which was like, what are some skills that separate like a good legal ops manager from someone who makes it to VP?
I feel like being able to uncover the problems of a business, I think that is probably...
@44:15 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
VP is a, like, when you talk about VP, I won't say like, keep financial services VP out of the picture and thinking about other companies, which is like, at Netflix, VP was the top before the C-suite.
At many companies, it'll be SVP or VP, exec. The people, and to make those ranks in a legal department is very hard.
And if you don't have a law degree, it's pretty much unlikely. And I was pushing, I was on that track at Netflix and trying to understand like, do I have the chops to go all the way?
And I was in legal. And I wanted a road to that. And the road to that level of exec is almost literally a level of impact that can be measured in the hundreds and hundreds of millions.
And it has to be really pointable, like impact, 300 million. That's what I would see in the memos written for promotion.
And a lawyer in legal can go, I was instrumental on, I oversaw all the deal flow in Europe for Netflix content deals.
And they are valued at dollar, dollar, dollar, dollar, a hundred million in deals. How do you make that impact story as an ops person?
You're not getting promoted saying, I accelerated the NDA and I saved 2,000 hours a year on NDAs. Who the cares about an NDA?
NDA. There's no dollar value there. Sure, NDAs are the entry point into a business engagement, but I can't, as the legal ops person, I can't say, well, this is a true number, by the way.
I think with our NDA solution and volume against the volume at Netflix, I think we factored in that we saved a quarter's worth of time in cost for your average knowledge worker to run that.
It's pretty major. A quarter of a person who makes 200K a year, we're getting there. We're getting somewhere. But I couldn't say, okay, all those NDAs, it was like 6,000 a year, 6,000 NDAs a year.
2,000 of them turned into revenue-bearing deals. Here's the revenue on those contracts. Those contracts netted $50 million. If I made that claim, they'd be like, you're going too far.
No, no. It's because you helped accelerate an NDA doesn't mean you can claim the credit. The people who crafted the deal claimed credit on the deal.
A lawyer, the business exec, etc. So it's very hard to show impact at a scale that hits the number quantitative and qualitative amount of impact that shows as VP, number one.
You have to be really good at crafting that story and knowing the strategy to build to do that and the time frame.
And then two, there's a level of communication that you need to have when you get into a room with the C-suite or other VPs and how you present the info to get into their brain to get their buy-in.
And if you don't have that comms quotient, you'll never get there. You just won't get it. And like, I had the comms quotient and I had the presentation of self and exec presence, exec presence, need comms quotient, executive presence, strategic thinking and ability to derive like an impact story that's at that level.
What that company uses as the barometer for that level exec. And I had it all. I just couldn't get the impact story.
I didn't stay long enough for the impact story. It's a slower impact story for tech and ops. But I started getting the signals for me, Jenn, at five years from the engineering side of the house to go over there and then maybe go up from there.
And I didn't stay to pursue it. Timing didn't work out. Wow.
@48:29 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
That feels like a very long career. And it feels like only one out of a few hundred or a thousand could do.
@48:36 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, I would say you can look at the ranks of even like clock members and all of my peers that I know.
And very few get to that exact level inside the company of the F500, the F100, the F50. And the ones that do are lawyers.
Inside, doing legal ops and tech, they're lawyers. lawyers because they also got the MBA or have the business brain.
And a CLO can go, okay, great, you're going to run legal apps and tech. You're going to manage the legal marketing function.
Can I stick global and export and compliance under you? You know how to do things and have impact. You know how to manage organizations of large teams and the people dynamics.
You know organizational jiu-jitsu is what my old VP called it. And you're a lawyer. can park a legal practice area under you.
And as a lawyer, when you walk in and get buy-in from all the other lawyers, you know how to decode them immediately and you're on par with them.
And you unlock them more quickly. I don't see a lot of, quote, non-lawyers in legal departments rise to true SVP VP roles.
Few. I can count them on one hand.
@49:46 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, wow. Okay. And I was, I was, it was cool.
@49:52 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I wanted to be the one. I was a gunning for that for years in house. I wanted to be that one that went, look, you can do it as a novel.
Lawyer, let me tell you the path, and let me give you the cheat codes, and let me tell you how hard it is, and let me be your support.
And I had the buy-in from my former manager at Netflix. He's like, let's get you there. This will be fun.
But I couldn't get there. It was just hard at that company, and I ran out of time. Yeah.
@50:19 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah. Okay. Final question. I think we always talk about their relationship with finance. And so are there metrics you would report to them?
Or are there metrics you would track and come to the decision of whether things are working or not? And then are there metrics that you track but think are a waste of everyone's time?
@50:47 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Metrics to track with finance. They don't want... In my experience partnering with finance on a couple different spectrums of legal ops and tech, they don't...
Want metrics. They wanted outcomes. They wanted numbers out of the contracts. They wanted visibility and transparency into the status of the contract.
They wanted to see deal financials as they formed, as they were in flight. They wanted to be looped in.
And when the contract hits the repo and it's signed, they want everything out of the contract stat. They wanted renewal reports every second, live, up to date.
Tell me all the contracts that are revenue-bearing or buy-side contracts that expire in the next 30, 60, 90 days.
They want visibility over all of that. And then they want pre-signature visibility into revenue-bearing contracts, especially for companies that have to report revenue recognition to Wall Street on a quarterly basis.
Rev-RevRec. That was a big deal. Deal that I learned at scale at Cisco, RevRec. It's another thing, like with enterprise, if you don't know this because they're reporting to Wall Street and this is a very tight ship, they don't have the speed and the urgency to get that data kind of pushed into the reporting, the reporting, the analytics, the analytics.
So, yeah, that. I guess those are metrics. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm assuming Contracts AI pose those data. Yeah, it pulls it all, yeah.
So, with our Fortune 500 company we're about to sign, I'm waiting for the final approval and then it's going to signature.
The project is not even in legal. It's a project, it's a cross-functional project. Program being stood up, piloting for two years, it's their pilot program and it's a revenue optimization program.
And how they pull it through from sales, through legal, through the downstream. Stream teams after, and they're measuring revenue, stages, time cycles all along the way so that they can see these numbers build in their reporting dashboards over one to two years and figure out how to optimize revenue, literally.
And they came to us with a list of 50 metrics. Jesus. And they said, and I, and this is funny, and I, because we're so, like, company, company, we went to our partner there, Carrie, our champion, and we said, all right, pull up the list.
You ready? You got two hours? Let's go through every damn one. And we went through every list of her, trying to find, just find it, and you could even.
@53:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I'm thinking maybe there's, like, like, a template dashboard, or just, like, a metrics list, or some sort of.
@53:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Like, I could give you this list, and you would just have to do. A very big anonymization and generalization of it, but this is what, and this is like super NDA, of course, between you and I, but this is like, she came to us with this vision, and they want to know efficiency of their deal flow, and they want to measure it in a hundred different ways, basically, and this is where, in this section, they want to bring us in.
And so, they boiled out this into a list of, okay, here's what customer success needs, here's the bids stage measurements they want to do, here's the contracts stage measurements they want to do, here's the security measurements they want to do.
I mean, this is a hundred, this company is valued at, valuated at like, I don't know, 150 billion. So, this counts, this counts at that scale, here's their compliance, let's see, compliance and process health, security assessment.
Assessments, Contracts, Bids, Overview. So this is a list of about, let me just see here. Who can see this?
Oh, great. I'm just going to, boom. I'm just going to share that with you. Awesome. And we spent hours with Carrie going through that one-for-one.
And it's about 50 metrics. And we came to an outcome where we're able to deliver, our platform can deliver in about two-thirds.
And the other one-third is from contract workflow technology, legal front door intake measurement, how long it sits between legal drafts.
That's a bit of a black box. And we're not solving in that black box. But other platforms do. And so I said the other one-third is work.
And if you guys at Legal don't have workflow, I'll introduce you to someone. So I start introducing them to my friend, Evan, who runs a workflow company, Checkbox.
And Evan says to me at the end of my pitch to him, he goes, we're already in it, Striker.
And I was like, oh, we are going to have some fun optimizing revenue, my friend. So yeah, that, that, that is the goal.
When Vonage got on the call today, Vonage said to me, we need revenue optimization. What can you say to that?
And I said, that's what we're here for.
@56:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What would like a, like a hypothetical dashboard for Reverex look like? I'm trying to, yeah, figure out if there's like a visual way of representing this.
Yeah. Cause like, I guess just from a sales and marketing background, like sales and marketing perspective.
@57:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'll share this with you, too. We went through her list, and then I took it into a sheet in real time, and we worked through her list line by line, and I said where we can solve.
But these are the metrics right here. So this is what needs to be turned into just visuals, like all your typical business insights graphs, charts, numbers, and visuals.
That's what they will build internally with their Power BI or whatever tools they use, Tableau. And so here it is.
And so, I don't know, you can find, go find the hottest looking graphics there are on the internet and sub in some of these and put play numbers.
Like it's that. It's visualization. Cool. Awesome.
@57:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Those will be helpful. Yeah.
@57:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So I'm going to share these. Let's just make sure that anything that you do is like, this is all actually pretty generic, bids, sales, pipeline, through.
There's not a ton here that's unique to whatever Striker does, but make sure if anything is topically very Striker company looking, you just kind of avoid it.
@58:21 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I'll ping you if have any questions. Yeah, awesome. Amazing. I have everything for this week and potentially even next week.
@58:29 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, this was loaded because we're rounding, even to tie the two, like the data layer is the real moat because it gets to actual revenue optimization now and we can take you live.
We can take enterprises in the Fortune 500 level scale live in eight weeks now. And we count numbers. This platform calculates and counts now.
None of the CLMs do. So that all right there is a new world order, and I'm just connecting the two big pieces for you.
Yeah.
@59:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Cool. Awesome. This is great. Okay.
@59:12 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So just to wrap.
@59:14 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, we're to skip next week. Yeah.
@59:16 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So next week, we're just going to, I'm going to say no to that, and it'll come off the cow.
Wow. However, I will take photos and content, and let's just say I'll send you like three to five things from when I hit the road Thursday through next Thursday that you can consider for any, whatever, augmenting, putting it into the flow of the three posts we do, and or like, we'll just figure out via Slack if I'm going to do my augmenting style posts in between your posts.
Yeah, that's fine.
@59:54 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, we can sort that out. And yeah, I'm not sure if you're looking to do any videos. Stuff at clock, but happy to like help with editing if need be.
Oh, good to know.
@1:00:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Okay. And then I'm going to think about this with both, I'm going to say Osman and Nick. So I have my editor also on standby, but that's not to say I might not like tap you as well for something.
So if I get, if I get, I'm bringing my full camera rig. Oh, and like microphone. Yeah. I'm bringing my like DJI's.
I'm not traveling with these mics because it'll just be too much. But I, I have in the past. I used to tote this around for podcasts, but I'll have mics, cameras, lights.
And if it's, if I feel it and I can grab some quick content, that's cool, not cringe. I might pull together something.
And I know how to shoot for shorts. I could pull together. Like we're at my first ever booth as a vendor.
at clock 2026. Check this out. Shot, shot, shot. Music, music, music. Customer walks up. What do you think? Contracts AI.
Customer, customer, customer. Boom! Your animation. Cool song. We're out. It's 45 seconds right there.
@1:01:14 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I was also thinking maybe we could do like a, like ask one or two questions and it could be something related to like, like a problem that everyone would face and maybe there would be like specific answers.
And so it would just be like, you ask the question and there'll be cut to one person answering and another cut to another person answering.
And so it'll just be the same, same question, just multiple people answering that. And then, so actually, I'll send you an example of that format.
I think it'd be quite cool. Get your thoughts on that. Okay.
@1:01:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So it's like, ask two questions is, I'm just going to write down ideas. Ask two questions related to...
@1:01:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Some kind of problems. Space that you go to solving or maybe just recurring things in the market or some patterns.
then, yeah, that could be like a series or just a content format as well. But I'll send you an example after this.
@1:02:09 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, and ask two people the same question.
@1:02:12 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
it could be like, could be three, could be five. And then we just like slice it. So it could be like a longer piece.
@1:02:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
People, the same question. And then, and you're thinking edited into like one-minuters? Yeah. Don't threaten me with a good time.
I mean, I just, I could just, I'm all like, I'm all, I'm like, I shot ahead for all my YouTube work.
I'm like so warmed up right now on video. And I just did two live streams. So like, I can slot that very easily.
I just have to like feel it and feel pumped to do it in the moment and have the right environment where it's not like, you know, a band playing in the background or something.
But if I could find it and feel it, the gear will be with me.
@1:02:54 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Amazing. Awesome. Have a good trip. Cheers. Cheers. Have a safe flight to California, as well as Chicago as well.
Really looking forward to all the exciting stuff that will be happening, all the insights, conversations you have. So, very, very pumped.
@1:03:11 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Thank you, thank you. And I'll be online with you, async, as always, just editing away and refining our posts.
So, thank you so much. And then, keep you posted as photo, video, anything comes through. Awesome. See you in two weeks.
I'll leave the chat.
@1:03:23 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Bye, Jenn. Thanks, bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 10 transcript.docx ===
Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - April 07
VIEW RECORDING - 85 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Jenn McCarron
Hey, Jenn. How are you?
@0:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Good. There's a big storm in Asia right now, so it's like pouring in rain. Oh, no.
@0:09 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, no. And is it really hot there, too? Yes, it is.
@0:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's why I'm wearing, like, singlet. Yeah, yeah. You're just staying cool, staying dry.
@0:18 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, yeah.
@0:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How about you? How's your week?
@0:20 - Jenn McCarron
The week's going well. It's going well. I can't even keep up with, like, the madness and the rollercoaster that is the startup.
There's another startup in the legal tech space, Sandstone. They are a bit of a wunderkind in that they just came out of stealth and boom, Sequoia, 10 million.
And we're all like, wait, what? And I got to meet the Sandstone founder, finally, and get a glimpse of their product and the idea and what they're solving for.
And it's pretty cool. It's going to be a hard problem to solve, but it's cool. But then there's this woman that works at Sandstone.
Her name's Jennifer . She does, like, a little product, mostly sales. I met her at a show at a, you know, conference in Miami, that one.
Is that the one you're like, I want her to work with us in the future?
@1:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I told you. Yes, yes.
@1:17 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, yeah. And so I just, like, got a feeling with her, and I don't get a feeling with most people.
It's, like, a strong, like, we should work together one day. And I saw her after I visited their offices the other day.
And I asked how it's going there again. And I got this, like, mixed answer. And I'm like, I get it.
You don't have to answer. It's not going well. And I said to her, talk to me if you ever leave and want to work together.
You're cool. I have a feeling about us. She called me yesterday and was like, I got to get out.
And we're, yeah, and we're, it's not for her. It's a young team without domain experience. So the zagging is really, they're just zigging and zagging.
And they blow deals. They blow her enterprise deals. And she's pissed. And I'm just like, oh my God, bring your enterprise deals over here.
So her and I are talking today and we'll see. We'll see if there's a there there, if we can make something happen, if it's the right time for us to.
And I'm very excited because last week I felt very overwhelmed by how much I have to do. My brain is like under siege.
And it's like not, it's hard to manage. It's hard to manage. Yeah, I can imagine.
@2:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
There's only so many things you can do and contact switching all the time and just, yeah. Right.
@2:41 - Jenn McCarron
And trying to choose, I'm trying to choose only the things that are about the next funding milestone, which means the deals and the first five customers story being strong and a happy one so that that can happen.
And I'm having a hard time. And I have a co-founder whose style and brain style is sometimes very different than mine.
And he's just like, what are the next five deals? I'm like, dude, we have to land these and actually implement first.
And trust me, they're there. They're brewing. They're coming. Just like, chill, bro. Let's implement. And then he, funny, just went on vacation, which I'm like, strange time to do a vacation.
Yeah. We're allowed to take those here. I told my family no vacations for two years. Nothing. So, yeah. So, I had like a little bit of a stressful week since I saw you last.
But I like the signal from Jennifer . It made me feel like, oh, cool people can and will want to come work with me.
And what if I can offload some of the sales and go to market operation piece and put someone in the seats with.
I'll Customers eventually that I wholly know is capable emotionally of tracking any kind of customer. And that's what's hard.
Like someone who's not like, no disrespect to the older guys who are sales guys in SaaS for 10, 20 years, and they're all named Scott.
Cool. Like they're great at the thing, but like they're all like salt and pepper gray hair. And like, I don't know if I can put them in front of every customer without them being a SaaS salesman.
And she's someone who can be, and is like a chameleon and can be in front of any customer, law firm, to enterprise, to PE, to tech company.
And the PE piece is, as you know, it's unique. It's a certain way of, to sell to anyone, you have to be them.
And so I'm pumped. I'm pumped just to talk to her because I know she's someone who can do that.
Is she a product person or marketing? She's a lawyer. She's a former lawyer. Was a lawyer at some Amlaw.
100 law firms and liked it. Litigation, but wasn't for her. She jumped over into NetDocs, the SAS company for legal document management, which was pretty far along when she went in and did sales with a little bit of product informing, like a slight product piece where you're telling the product, this is what the customer wants, doesn't want, and you put things into place.
But it was mostly sales and roadshow-facing role. And so she's very polished, very good at understanding people. Oh, okay.
@5:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That would alleviate a lot of your pressure and just the go-to-market stuff. It would really help, but I'm selective.
@5:44 - Jenn McCarron
I need someone that understands people like I do, and that's not common. We all have a unique way of doing that.
And I watched her work it at the Miami conference with me and with the whole dinner table. And I was like...
I like this person operates in a playbook style that I do, and I could like emotionally trust that she can be in every meeting with any legal or procurement person and guide them.
I don't even trust my co-founder to do that. He's good at engineering. He's good at hearing the thing. But if I'm not there and it's legal people, I worry that he'll miss.
In time, he'll get it, etc. But it's cool to see someone like walk through the door ready and hungry.
Okay.
@6:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I know that we made like a post around legal OS, but we decided not to post about that.
@6:39 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, yeah. Guess what? She told me what's going on inside the company with the product and that she thinks it's smoke and mirrors.
Because they're the legal OS product, which I thought, as you know, initially I was like, that's total . Or it's a good idea, but it's like utopic, which is hard.
You achieve far in the future, and you have to die to achieve it. That's what utopia means. It's not great.
And so I got a demo of the Sandstone product from the founder, Nick, and I saw it all, and I saw the two things he's solving for, and I'm like, those are real things legal needs.
They're hard to get legal leadership to think in terms of workforce management and numbers and quantitative analysis. So we're okay, and then the knowledge management piece in a law department, okay, it's a big problem to solve, and I solved that manually with a program in tech back at Cisco, and the tech wasn't there yet.
Maybe the AI will help bring that in a little, but it's still nebulous and hard to solve and sell.
And then what she conveyed to me confidentially yesterday was it's hard to sell. It's difficult, it's nebulous, it's hard to.
Put your fingers on it. And the guys are messy. They're young men. Haven't been in the legal workforce a long time, let alone the workforce.
And they are really hyper-fueled by their $10 million in the bank. And it's blinding a bit of the pragmatism of navigating something through an enterprise vendor cyber assessment.
Those processes are hard. And you have to, like, shapeshift when you're, like, we went through Blackstones and that was 600 questions.
Funny and I have worked at big companies. We've never seen something like that. And we cleared it. Because we can read and go, oh, okay, that's 20 changes to the platform.
That's a change in how we audit. That's a change in the code to do this. That's a change in that.
It's a change in how we anonymize and at what layer. And that he nailed it all. And then we put the policies in place.
IT, like all the things, you shapeshift. And she said they're not willing to do that. And they're just blowing off enterprise deals that she brought in.
I'm like, bring them here. We're savage. We'll be whatever they want within reason.
@9:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Okay. So do you want to make this post still? So I remember we made something around how legal OS was kind of promising a single pane of glass and having this kind of vision of being able to solve everything with one platform.
And then our kind of take was that everything is still kind of being built and we're still trying to figure out all the problems.
And so we're like all in mid-construction. And so is that still relevant or do you have any opinions?
@9:51 - Jenn McCarron
It's relevant. I don't. Let's save this for a little bit, a couple more weeks. Like let's put it in the backlog.
I think it's important to bring up, but it is, I mean, what's the play? How does it help Contracts AI?
Contracts AI is like a platform. You can do real stuff now. There's no like hyper, there's hyper vision, but we're not selling you all of that vision.
What it does now is extremely valuable, and it can help clean up the mess of the last few years of CLM and SaaS.
And so there's a contra or counter where you can go, this OS thing is nebulous. It's all these things in one, and it's going to be, it's a million agents.
It's hard to like, who's going to win an AI right now are those that can anchor now. Check out Contracts AI.
Like that's what I, that's like the, like, what would even be the point of going after OS, legal OS, if we're not like, right, like kind of saying what we are and what they aren't.
I'm just, maybe. And if I do this post now and it's too antagonistic, the founder of Sandstone is going to look at my post and go, wait, she was just here forging.
I was really forging an alliance with him and saying, I said to him up front, I'm only going to show you a few things.
You show me a few things. I will not steal your . I'm here to be like players in the market and wherever deals of ours come close, tap you in or you tap me in.
And we have fun. And I said, if we ever had the pleasure of solving for a customer that is the same and our technologies are near one another, I said to him, I will create a media event like cameras, YouTube style.
Like I just want to do cool for a customer and talk about it. And I think and I really mean that.
So I don't want to say anything yet that's this to his product. And if she leaves them, if she winds up coming to work for us, I don't want to do that now.
No, because it could be spicy also. Yeah, fair enough.
@12:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It's too close to the meeting. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So we'll kind of go through. Oh, I had a look at the video.
I think. Yeah, looks great. Yeah, I think just that five seconds. But other than that, the post should be ready to go.
I'm not sure if you had a look at the post. Yeah, saw a post-27's language, and that's good to go.
@12:31 - Jenn McCarron
And when I read that, it made me change some of my script hook openers. Okay. And then once I recorded the script, I do like timed runs of the video, and I was timing my first hook script, and I was like, this is 30 seconds.
That's too long. No. And so I got it to like 20, so that helped inform my hook, and then making the video and hearing it out loud, I trimmed as much as I could.
So yeah, the video link, I just sent. You know, the final with the trim. Oh, yeah, yeah. I downloaded it.
Yeah, great. So post is good. I agree on your thumbnail selection with the dates boxes all around me. think that's strong.
And let's do it. We'll post that tomorrow.
@13:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm excited.
@13:19 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, Can't wait. And I'm going to send it to two of my customers and say, I did this one for you.
I already alluded to it with Alex Partners yesterday. I said, Lisa, wait till you see the video coming out that you inspired.
End dates and contracts. And Lisa's been vocal on my posts. So hopefully she'll interact with it. I'll get my other pilot customer to interact with it.
And just like, let's see. Let's see if we can make some noise.
@13:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, awesome. Actually, a note on that. I was talking to kind of a peer in MySpace and he kind of mentioned that if you share.
Like a link of your post in a DM that might be flagged as an engagement pod and potentially could, I guess, affect your profile in some sense.
So I'm not sure how you would send it. Yeah, I was kind of suspicious, but was like, uh, potentially.
And like, because you're essentially sending it to like a bunch of people, perhaps, and you're like, oh, kind of telling them to engage with you.
So my kind of thought is like, if you do send it, maybe it could just be like a, like a message.
It could be like, oh, check out my latest post. Something along the lines of that. Even though I don't really like to believe these like hard rules, but just to be on the cautious side.
@14:41 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. The good news is that by way of instinct, I do not hyper LinkedIn DM the post link. I don't.
So what I tend to do is come back from the. And I go to my phone and I'm like, who's in my immediate 25 people network that I can go like this to?
And so those get texted. And then with customers like Elisa, I'm going to email a bunch of people in my funnel who are in my email inbox and go, oh, by the way, by the way, just so you know, follow up with people, update.
So yeah, good to reinforce that with me. I'll avoid that. Ever direct linking. And if I need to DM, I'll just say, check out the post on search.
Keep it neutral. Okay. Yeah. Awesome.
@15:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Because I guess the kind of definition of engagement part is like you send a, like a link of your post to like a WhatsApp group or Telegram and everyone starts to engage.
And so maybe LinkedIn kind of treats that as well. So yeah, just, just. It's smart.
@15:52 - Jenn McCarron
You know, I stopped in the YouTube world very similarly. I learned this. From YouTube, actually. So when I have a new YouTube video long form, you would think that you just go into my Instagram story and go click on the YouTube link and watch my long form.
But people coming in directly from that and going to the video actually don't help the algo in YouTube. The best algo you get in YouTube is home screen searched and found.
Home screen searched and found naturally gets the greatest reward. So I'm like, what am I going to get? Five clicks, if that, into the long form?
I'm not getting any clicks into the long form from Instagram. Forget it. And I'll say, go to YouTube and search my channel.
Search Savage Fridays or whatever. So same thinking, like, you get penalized if you're doing, if you're trying to hack or do too much, like, without the natural way of finding something.
@16:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah, yeah, that makes sense. Cool. Glad we're on the same page on that. I've also kind of set up order null.
I just need to connect the profile, but it requires some code. We can do that near the end. Awesome.
It's more like content upside, so you can kind of see. Actually, I'll just show you my screen real quick, just so you kind of know roughly what it looks like.
Okay. So essentially, this is the, it depends if you prefer light mode or dark mode. This is light mode.
But dark mode, right now, there's like all the posts. So I'll just put like the latest posts. So you can see like, okay, this is scheduled.
So this is actually, this will connect to the LinkedIn API. So we can actually make posts and schedule it through here without having to like log into your profile, which is amazing.
And then in the calendar view, can just see like, okay, what's upcoming. Because I know that was something that you wanted to see, so that's really good.
And then, in addition to that, let's say if you go in here, you can see this cutoff, this more, so you can know, okay, roughly where the hook to what do people see before the hook was more violent.
I think it was really useful. And then, yeah, added the thumbnail, video, so you can also do auto-engagements. Don't really have to, but it's like, you could probably repost this in your company, like, contract.ai company profile, if we choose to do so.
And then there's, like, comments or track changes, so things that have been done in the past. And then also there's, like, statuses, it could be, like, to-do for a review, maybe editing, so that kind of stuff.
And then, yeah, so it's quite simple, I think. And then in the future, we can also add, like, I guess, new ideas here as well.
I love this. Once we connect to your profile, you can also see, like, real-time analytics, which you can then connect to Claude to kind of do some deeper analysis on
Like what is working, what is not, common topics that work well, hook types, all that kind of stuff. So yeah, I'll set that up for you at the end of the call and then we'll get that going.
Love it.
@19:11 - Jenn McCarron
This is really slick and gives us a nice workbench for it all. Ideas, calendars, schedules, and then you do all your posting of it right from in there.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
@19:27 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool. So let's get started. Other than Sandstone and I guess you're meeting with Jessica, Jennifer? Is it Jennifer? Is it Jennifer?
Yeah, Jennifer .
@19:39 - Jenn McCarron
We're meeting later today.
@19:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Any other conversations or kind of new insights that you're going to want to share?
@19:48 - Jenn McCarron
I'm scanning some of our calls. you What are my new insights? I've done some customer, new customer calls that pretty consistently have pleased people with what they saw and they're very interested in going forward.
I'm seeing a lot of budget pricing fatigue from CLM solutions. And it's, it really is putting pressure, like everyone wants to try the AI product, but they don't want to spend a lot and they're still not sure about it.
Like they want it, but they're like, am I going to have to human check everything? Everything the AI does.
That was the call I was just on with Jersey Mike's subs business before you. She's like, I have to move into a CLM solution.
I'd love to use yours to move in, but am I going to have to check everything? I literally don't have time.
And I'm like, no, we'll check like 20 to 50 to 100 together and validate it. once we've got it, once we've got the AI fields working on 100, it'll work on 1,000 that way.
And you don't have to check after. Which is hard for people to understand. They're so used to having to check all the metadata, and it's such a nightmare for legal ops people.
So I'm trying to like nightmare bust with her. I was on with a guy from Board Intelligence today, and he loved what he saw.
And he said he left his two companies ago job never having gotten done with the metadata. Tagging project for the new tech, for the new contract tech.
I was like, that's, not to like say this over and over again, like we're doing in our videos, but that's over.
That's over too. And it's crazy to be showing people a piece of software and I'm constantly saying that's over.
The nightmare of that is over. The unknown of that is over. And I said it again with, with him getting data within days now, rather than two years and never achieving the data structuring in depth.
So to see that, you know, both of these calls were about kind of moving, moving into a new contract data set in order to move, maybe move it into a contract system or other system of record.
It's a use case we need to play up more as like use us to move. Move in. We're not only one you just stick after the signature part to tag and ongoing, like have this deep tagging, but you can use us to move from total chaos.
Your contracts are everywhere in 50 places. Let's get them to like the five online places. We'll build the integrations.
We'll pull them out and we'll bring them into the new system of record after we've, you know, structured the data.
And that's a new thought for people. That disrupts the CLM markets, imports, and it disrupts the services markets who have, you know, teams ready to do that tagging manually.
And the teams, it's still expensive and it's not great and it's $40 a contract or something.
@23:45 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Damn. I actually want to talk about that today. I did prepare a question for that. Cool. Um, but I kind of wanted to double click on the, the gap between like the, the budget pricing and like AI they wanted, but then they don't want.
Why do you think that is? Is it because they've been burned? it because, I don't know, they tried and AI hallucinates so much?
I think that there's...
@24:18 - Jenn McCarron
The CLM market has just had its 10-year run, including with hype and funding and number of players and hype and funding and VC funding and players and acquisitions and exits.
And then the hype curve definitely has turned and we're definitely in this disillusionment phase. But because all that VC funding went into those CLMs, the pricing is very high.
It's untenable. And they're still selling a broad vision. And some of that vision promised what we do. So we have to get in and fight off a narrative they were told by someone else and they're paying for.
And not getting there, but the money is going out the door to like the ironclad deal for the year or the spot draft.
And they're not getting something and we're coming and going, we do that something really well. And we, there's fatigue with all of the, I felt it with, I still feel it with what I fought for at Netflix in terms of funding for our CLM.
I fought for really big money. now that I'm a startup founder and I see what I gave them, what I fought for, a huge deal.
And I was like, yep, I believe in them. Give them like something crazy. It was one, two, three, four, five.
It was seven figures a year. Whoa. Yes.
@25:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
One contract. One contract.
@25:46 - Jenn McCarron
They got crazy funding from that combined with a few other big, important customers. Crazy funding. They sold to Workday also.
Wow. So, If I went into my leadership after fighting for this big deal and said, ah, turns out they don't do this, end piece, we have to spend more money, my leadership would look at me and go, you are incompetent.
That's what lawyers will do. That's what business leaders will do. They will go, wait, what? And they don't give you a pass with tech in that like, oh, we didn't know because it's all emerging.
They expect the tech ops person to be a wizard and know the future. Meanwhile, this is all being built under our feet as we go.
All of this, that's SaaS tech too. And so they are, I said to my customer at, potential customer at Jersey Mike's today, who was at the New York Times before, who implemented Ironclad twice before, and now she's said to me today, Ironclad is bonkers expensive.
And I said to her, you are all winded by the cost of these CLMs. And she's going to make a choice based on the cost of the CLMs.
ILM, not what's the best solution. And then it does, it just, because they're hogging a lot of the legal budget, we have to wedge in with our wedge.
And we need wedge pricing. I call it utility pricing.
@27:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I like that term you coined, like disillusionment phase.
@27:24 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@27:26 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
You can look it up with the Gartner hype cycle.
@27:30 - Jenn McCarron
I think they call it the trough of disillusionment. It's a thing. It's where interest wanes and emerging tech fails to meet inflated expectations leading to negative attention, failed pilots, and investment skepticism.
I don't know if there's investment skepticism in CLM right now, other than, well, I actually heard that in my opening fundraising round I did in like my first month.
Every investor was like, this is a very crowded. Space. And went like this. And I said, it's actually not.
There's no one doing this at all. And they promised to do it. You guys need to wake up and stop investing in them.
@28:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The other thing was like how these like legal tech people would seem incompetent. Oh, yeah. Because that's such an emotional thing that we can talk about as well.
@28:26 - Jenn McCarron
It's emotional. I got it at Netflix. And you know what I'm willing to do? I'm willing to tell you anything of how I really feel and put like vulnerable out there.
I don't. Like I'm willing. That's like a place where I've always excelled. Like I'll get into the real vulnerability and question myself in front of 3000 people.
I used to do it for the clock openings at the conference. I'd write a story of how I didn't believe in the thing or myself.
And this tech is so hard and nobody believes in none of us. No, but I'm doing it anyway. And I would tell that story and everyone would feel like, oh my God, she too struggles with this because this is hard objectively and we're all in this together and here's how you figure it out a step at a time or innovation or whatever that my call to action was in those speeches.
But I'm willing to talk about even how I was questioned at Netflix by certain leaders. I was questioned for not being able to implement fast enough.
And I'd say, yeah, it goes slow, but none of you execs are helping throw mandates down on people to work with us.
So things go slower because that's called like change management culture. And this is a system has to do this all together.
It's not a legal ops person to put all of that. We've touched on this a little bit to put all of that pressure on one person.
To undo thinking, behavior, workflows of a fast-moving machine, the legal deal-making machine of the department. Come on. It's absurd.
@30:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, it's absurd. Okay, I definitely want to touch on those as well. Yeah, okay, let me make a note.
Talk stories. Maybe there were certain, like, stories that you've told in the past that resonated that we've also discussed as well.
I'll add that in. Okay, cool. In terms of, like, because you've probably seen, like, a bunch of these, like, legal tech companies over-promise and under-liver.
Have you heard of any, like, horror stories repeatedly or just patterns of, like, oh, we tried this and, like, failed and we spent so much money?
And then, I guess, how, yeah, what is the, like, of these, like, in terms of procurement or in terms of, like, getting budget?
Internally as well, because obviously, as you mentioned, this could ruin, I don't know, reputation internally, or just be seen as incompetent.
But yeah, any recurring art stories that you can keep hearing.
@31:14 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, I could tell you the one that was today's, in that when I talked to Charlene from Jersey Mike's, who was also at the New York Times, she left the New York Times a few months ago.
And just before she was leaving, was helping her find some, like, candidates to throw into her role as a contractor to just, like, cover it.
And we both know everyone, so we were, like, making the network rain, we were chatting. And she confided in me and said, Jen, I spent years here implementing Ironclad, convincing them, getting that budget, locking in with Ironclad.
And she goes, I'm getting ready to leave for my next adventure. And my GC or CLO said to me, do we need this legal?
Legal doesn't like it. Legal doesn't find what they need in it. Why did you do that? And that's a very harrowing thing to hear as a legal ops person, probably a team of one woman show, to go, oh my God.
And she was saying to me as a friend, I feel like everything I did was a waste. To hear that just kind of undercuts the whole thing.
And I was like, I had to like coach and be a friend and be supportive and go, it's not a waste just because they don't see something now.
That box, like, I believe in our conviction of the time that the CLM box as a solution, like had to go in and do some things.
And it does some things okay. And it's a starting point, but it was never an ending point. And part of what legal wants is an end point.
They're very end point people. Contracts come to an end point and get signed and they go. So litigation, it might drag for years, but the whole thing is to get to an endpoint, settle, or lose, or win, and go.
And they're endpoint people, and tech never ends. And so right there, you just have inputs and outputs, like total misalignment.
And they're lawyers, so when it doesn't have this clear definition of end, and it's a success, they're like, you lost.
They're lawyers. You either won, or you lost. And they don't settle very well with us as tech people and ops people.
And she was feeling the loss. And that's what it feels like as a non-lawyer when you're working with legal leadership.
You could feel them just courtrooming you all the time. And there are many times I've had to say to my legal leader, my boss, do me a favor and take the legal hat off.
Stop being a lawyer. And try to think like a business person, something I'm more of than you are. Try.
And it... They can often get there. They're all smart, but they're so used to the lawyer mode, and they're not all good at separating that.
I had one boss who was really good at separating that, but I would watch him when he was with all the lawyers doing lawyer, corporate, legal, finance, legal stuff, and I'd be like, whoa, like shark, because they just are trained to attack and break down.
And so they can't help sometimes but do that with our work product we all just put in, and they're not seeing immediate gratification.
And I resonated, her story really resonated with me strongly because the same thing happened when I did put in Evisort at Netflix.
There was just like, underwhelm, day one, so what? I'm like, so what? You can actually search and find what you need now.
What do mean, so what? And they were like, eh, just underwhelm. And it's possible the UI didn't work well for their brains.
That was a complaint of Evisort. Looked like a back end, not a front end. Ironclad was beautiful, had a beautiful front end, but the back end sucked and didn't, and still can't do even what Evisore does.
So all these things, it's like really hard to land it. And Charlene is like, wants to go modular in her new frontier of like tech.
She's like reluctant with CLMs. So there's that, there's that, that CLMs not only take time to take, to be taken in by legal and considered useful, but they need constant iteration from your legal ops team.
Your legal ops team has to manage the vendor and like make sure that they're getting the value from the vendor, the support or the training or the roadmap items, et cetera.
So it's a lot of pressure.
@36:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How did you or like Charlene pitch like CLMs internally? Because you mentioned like there's a mismatch between like inputs and outputs.
And so was there, like if you were to do it again, like would you pitch it differently? Or like how would you, yeah, what would you do differently?
@36:22 - Jenn McCarron
So I was at least like, I again would pitch a five point solution. Five to seven, actually like three to seven solutions are what you need, depending on the contract type and how it moves through the business.
It's start point, it's end point. And what they, and how they do those contracts. Because every practice area is different and you cannot get them all on the same pane of glass and the same simplistic workflow.
That's not how it works. I've always believed in a tech strategy that is adaptive to where the fingers are of the people, not the other way around.
And unfortunately, a lot of legal ops people do the other way around because they're not tech people and they're not creatives.
And they're ops people. They're former contract managers. They're former paralegals. They didn't come up in like my first job out of college was in engineering testing software.
I hated it, but I did it. And, you know, my first jobs in legal ops were not ops. We were tech program managers.
We had to understand this and design so deeply. This was when there was no legal tech in the SaaS markets.
We had to build all of it. What an education I got on how lawyers really work all very differently.
And you put tech where their fingers are. You don't bring them to some one single source of truth solution.
That's what CLM sold. So there's a bit of like. A skill gap, too. In legal ops, people believing that if they just put that in, it will offer 80%.
Not true. So I would still do a three to seven point solution strategy. I think all my solutions options would be a little bit different now.
And if I were doing Netflix again, I would not have put in Evisort. I'd put in Contracts AI. It's lighter weight.
It's a simpler implementation. You get the data, stat. You're not getting charged for a custom attribute. They charge an arm and a leg because of all the funding.
If you want to sneeze one day and go left, Evisort's like, that's another 20k. And right now, some of my friends, peers in these roles are saying to me, Jen, Evisort now part of Workday.
Workday comes around to the customers and goes, you're underutilizing your account. So we'd like to take your account up to a million dollars a year and
And I've heard that from people too. They're trying to raise prices. It's crazy. It's crazy. And meanwhile, he's like, we don't use it.
Like to that level, we don't even use it to the, he told me like they have a 300k agreement today.
He's like, we're not even using it to that level. And so I would not put in Evisort. I would cut that out.
My five point strategy, there was like, what did I have? I had a legal intake tool. I had a workflow tool.
I had a clause library, clause management. Drafting tool for content legal. That could go into other parts of legal, but it was really for them and their unique style of drafting, which kept them in Word and gave them clause library.
It never gave them executed precedent, though. That's why I brought in Evisort because I had a vision, ready? I had a vision of bringing in Evisort as number four.
Sure, it would become the one box where all the PDF contracts in the enterprise went and could be searched for the first time with one metadata set.
That's a victory. That's important-ish. But what I wanted to do was now that we had all the executed precedent and evidence for it, I wanted to API this into this application.
It was called, I forgot what it was called, Template Studio or something like that was the name of the SaaS product.
And I noticed the content legal lawyers loved how Template Studio worked and its promise and its vision because it was like all in screen the way they thought.
Templates, Clauses, and they would always say to me, we just need executed precedent so we don't have to open another web window.
I was like, great, we're going to API this into this app and this is going to be huge. Didn't achieve it because breaking down the playbooks, the templates, and the clauses to make this app a true clause library was a game.
It was an exercise in minutia that we all died in and we all quit before it happened. It was lawyers are tough to get to agree on final versions of a language.
It's hard for them to take their template form they've been working out of for years and break it apart into chunks and agree to let you, this legal ops team, manage that.
It's tough. It's a tough sell. And then I tried to get this company, Evisort, to open its APIs and talk to this company about piping in executed precedent.
And these two founders, these egoic dickheads who I both hate now, they got into a fight in front of me at a conference.
And then he tried to buy this one on the spot. And then he's like, Jen, do you think they'll take $3 million to buy their little technology right now?
And I was like, I am not brokering an acquisition at the clock conference. I'm trying to get executed precedent to my lawyer's fingertips.
Why is that so hard in this life? Turns out like my contracts AI does this, all of this now.
And it's developed in a fraction of the time and can deliver it all today. So it's like the leap with AI and LLMing of the last year to two is bonkers.
Because these guys all had years and millions of Netflix's dollars to do it and did parts and aspects of things, but we did not achieve the vision.
The tech also was not there. It needed those SaaS years to do everything. And we're in a different time clock now.
@42:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So I guess coming back to the 3 to 7 point, are you saying that you wouldn't default to a CLM?
I would not default to a CLM.
@42:41 - Jenn McCarron
I never believed in the workflow of a CLM. I believe in workflow applications. You can do workflow really well.
So at Netflix, we had a thousand contract types. And I would say, okay, these 600 that are in content legal, that paper shows, like they're underlying all the show.
Those you see in the top, what they call above-the-line acting writers, producers, directors, below-the-line actors. They're going to go through Template Studio.
They have to. That's the process. Go grab your form, grab your clauses, and go. That's 600's starting point there.
But I was able to say, but hey, everyone, all NDAs at this company, they should go through this workflow app.
We built a web workflow window for all NDAs. Stick to that. They're not worth doing anything more on. So we peeled that out and put it in workflow.
We peeled certain things out and put it in intake to a unique workflow. For these, what did they have?
Like maybe 120 background actor form types. We put them through a unique workflow custom build that was this on steroids for 400 productions.
So I chopped it up by contract type and would move them in different ways across the... Infrastructure and databases and stuff because everything had different start and endpoints.
So a CLM today, the Evisort CLM that I put in at Netflix would not be needed today. And it'd be way too expensive for what it's giving.
I'd put this in and it would be a fraction of the cost for 100, what do we have there?
think we had 300,000 documents. That's 150K. It'd be a 300K solution max. a year to get deeper data faster, to get more faster, and semantic search.
That's what that's worth, not a million five or whatever. That's nuts.
@44:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. So like if you were, let's say, coming into a company, let's say, as a legal ops person, like how do you start?
Like Auditing to kind of know what solutions to implement. Well, it goes back to those scorecards I drew you.
@45:09 - Jenn McCarron
First of all, you have to understand the business at depth. have to understand the business, therefore, how legal is working and what practice areas are the prominent ones that are going to have pain points to solve.
You can't come in with a prescription. You have to go in open, like a consultant, and spend three months or whatever getting to know the business and what their business is.
And that will start to give you direction and solution sets to think about. But then when you're in these practice areas doing all your discovery meetings, you have to listen for what is the most painful thing and what's a mess.
And or what is which practice area has an awesome paralegal who. happens to be a good project manager and turned it all into a spreadsheet, some of those spreadsheet building folks and workflow building folks, sometimes those are the ones ready to escalate and to mature and jump into tech with that process.
But then, you know, what I drew on the scorecard, the wild, wild west, the wild west, there's not even a process.
They're just figuring it out and, like, getting it done chaotically. But when it gets foundational, there's a process. And someone was like, hey, legal practice group, this is how we're going to do this, according to this tracker and this process and these forms.
Got it? And then they're like, good, we love you. Sometimes those are the ones ready to start moving towards tech.
And so you have to gauge where everyone is on those sliders. What's the most painful and what's going to be your quick wins that you can show up front to the department with those practice areas and easy to build solution.
Fast wins get traction. So I did an NDA automated tool as the quick win. We launched it. We showed what it'll save in time in a year.
And then I went back out with that tool and taught people, this is what we mean by legal apps.
Look what we did with the NDAs. We broke it down. And I taught it in a very engaging presentation in front of 600 people.
And I was like, call to action at the end of that big presentation was set time with us and think about how you're, all your contracts can move or benefit from some form of template harmonization, putting it through some kind of workflow.
These are very malleable workflows. They'll work the way you want them to work. And I got like 25 meetings after that.
And I found my next five. And that roadmap for that workflow technology went from NDA to 15 list. And then we did the prioritization prioritization and the...
You know, the ranking you do as a program manager, what has the highest impact? How do you measure impact of a problem?
And then we would just work down that. It's so weird. You're asking me all these questions. It makes me think about early Netflix.
I drew that map for you, those scorecards in my brain. I wake up some mornings and I'm like back in that because I really had to think.
But that presentation I did, teaching them what we mean by legal apps, the NDA workflow, automation, and the time saved, it got us like 15 more on the roadmap.
And I remember just burning down those over the next two, three years. And so you have to do that across every practice area in a legal department and then come out with a strategy and a document that is your analysis of where we start and why.
What's the biggest burning thing? What did you bring me in to do? How am I treating that? You're always asked to do something.
When you come in, you have to do it. there's that thing and here's what we're doing for that. Here's some areas that we can apply technology to quickly for some quick wins and here's the big wins working towards a CLM, a central repository was in my initial strategy because when I spoke to everyone, all of them said I can't find the contracts.
And when I find the contract, I can't find, I can't search the system. It's not a database. It's a folder.
@49:27 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What do like most legal ops people do compared to like what you do? Like do they do that prescription that you mentioned?
@49:36 - Jenn McCarron
The advanced ones do, yeah. The ones who are senior and know how to do that, do that. And then sometimes your more junior ones are just coming in and doing what they're told to do and don't yet know to work wider than what you're told and look at the system.
They don't yet have the authority or the support or the time to do that. So they come in and they earn their way.
Do that role by just doing what they're told. Deal with this. now you do the AI strategy. Implement this.
I heard we need this. So it's more reactive. And it's okay. It's okay. But the ones who get to do strategy as well do what I described because that's really strategic.
acting as a consultant.
@50:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool. Do you have a hot stop, by the way? I don't think so.
@50:29 - Jenn McCarron
Just double check. No, I'm good. Okay.
@50:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Awesome. Yeah, just a few more and then we should be good. Kind of wanted to dig into like you kind of having an offshore team to all of that like contract mining work.
How is that like a normal thing you see? Like just companies outsourcing offshore teams?
@50:54 - Jenn McCarron
Yep. Google has it. Disney has it. It's it's the solution for. Getting large quantities of contracts tagged deeply and into the system searchable.
And they spend, that's part of like my investor deck slides. They spend, companies spend millions and billions on that.
It's a big in the billions TAM and it's the only solution for that scale until now, until us. Like we can do that better and faster and cheaper.
Oh, that is wild.
@51:31 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
In the millions and billions of tags. It's in the billions, yeah.
@51:34 - Jenn McCarron
mean, we, every company at Cisco, we had it. At Spotify, I put it in. At Netflix, we had it.
And the vision with Netflix was to get the tagging function. It started in the States. It was in California and Arizona.
And once it was really repeatable and playbookable and instruction manual-able, we'd ship it to India. But you cannot. Thank
Not just ship anything to India, because that level of service and work there, it needs the context, and they don't have it.
@52:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And they'll miss things.
@52:16 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, they'll miss stuff. So Netflix stuff was too complex to send to India to start, but it'll go in another, if it hasn't already, since I left almost two years ago, I've been out of Netflix.
It'll go to India eventually. Like, everything gets repeatable at some point in time.
@52:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What does this say to you about, like, the tool link? Because to have that as the default method or solution to solve this, I feel that's kind of crazy just coming from a tech background.
It's absurd.
@52:50 - Jenn McCarron
It is absurd what CLM has promised in terms of post-sig and search. It's absurd. It's not. It's a repository if and only if.
If you do all the work and bear the cost to get that tagged, so now we're saying, well, we'll just be the repository and end.
And it goes back to something we did some writing about. CLMs need to rebrand themselves ASAP because we are coming for them.
We are coming for that in product value prop. It's here. And they need to, what did my friend say yesterday?
It's not like, it was like destructure. They need to deconstruct. That's what my friend Randy said yesterday. That the CLMs must deconstruct or they will self-destruct.
That's my add-on. They will self-destruct unless they deconstruct and get honest about their value prop and the vision of bridging into the enterprise and saving the money and all the things.
What happens when they do this overselling, then they overprice because they're overinvested. And then you are putting undue pressure on the legal ops person to be the one to like this whole thing inside the company.
And it's absurd. It's impossible. I am smart and I am relentless. And it became an impossible mission at Netflix with all the money and the headcount and the backing.
It was so hard.
@54:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you want to mention that? Like the CLMs must deconstruct?
@54:32 - Jenn McCarron
Yes.
@54:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay. The reason why I asked that was like because previously we were considering not to be as polarizing to the CLMs because maybe there's like a, I don't know, potential acquisition or something down the line.
@54:48 - Jenn McCarron
them. moved on. Then they ripped me off and I have to sell, I have to teach, and I have to feel the feelings every day of the people I'm in a dialogue with who are dismayed.
And I'm dismayed. I'm dismayed personally by some of the Evisort, my own story with them, my story with their founder in a personal professional relationship.
I am dismayed. So I think it's over. And I think I've given it two years. I am more than six months out of clock as president.
And let's go. So we're implementing with customers to, quote, I hate this term, like, unfuck their ironclad data. But that's what their words, not mine.
And it's over. And I don't think it's negative to say you have to deconstruct. Some of my peer, friend, thought leaders in the contract space are saying it who work at Deloitte.
And it's the truth. And it's like, I think, Osman, people will look at me as a clarion, like anything I say is the clarion.
@56:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I do believe that. Okay. Cool, cool. Well, I guess personal post. What's one company building belief you have that most people would disagree with you on?
@56:18 - Jenn McCarron
Say that again? One company building belief? Belief. Yeah.
@56:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
You have that most people would disagree. Yeah.
@56:23 - Jenn McCarron
So I've been told, I've told a lot of things from the people who've gone before me or the investors of like, this is how it's done.
And you can't bring in someone to help you sell until you have PMF. There's all these like stages and toll gates and you have to do all this in order to do that.
And I'm starting to see that it's all .
@56:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It's all complete .
@56:55 - Jenn McCarron
And that there is certainly a path. There's a linear path. path forward when you're supposed to do things. But I want to hire Jennifer tomorrow and put her in a sales role and a roadshow role and a cultivating and nurturing deals role because I can't keep up.
I want to be implementing with care for the first five. I want to be creating this marketing strategy with you and feeding that funnel and I can't keep up.
And do I even, do I have PMF? I don't know. I don't think so, but kind of, but almost.
And I think that she could come work here and it wouldn't, it's okay that the engine is still being built, the go-to-market engine.
This is very hard to build alone. It's just, and then when my co-founder like crosses out of his engineering hat and puts on his MBA hat, I'm like, ah.
@58:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
For the most part, it's just overwhelming.
@58:01 - Jenn McCarron
And so there's that. There was a lot of the, this is a very crowded space. I'm like, what do you mean it's a crowded space when I got all those rejections in the fall?
Legal tech didn't exist 10 years ago, 12 years ago. When I worked at Cisco, we had to build it all.
Crowded space. That's the whole point. But if you really understood my tech, you would see it's actually not. Maybe three companies are doing exactly what we did.
Maybe. And I don't even think they are. Because we're in, we're going in at Cisco. Like we're in the process there to get put into Cisco's procurement tech stack.
And I thought Terzo was a competitor. Terzo is in Cisco, stuck in pilot, not moving beyond that. And they asked me, what's the difference between you and Terzo?
I said, do a demo with us. And you tell me at the end, because I have no idea what they do.
I've never seen the platform. And we're doing something more than them. So this is not a crowded space. Negative space is not a crowded space.
And that's what we're solving for. Negative space in terms of the artistic term. I remember art class in third grade.
It's like we had a poster board and there was a big planet and a couple of planets. And those were the positive space.
Those are what are drawn in. But everything else around it is negative space. And that's how I view startup founders.
We look into the negative space in the void and we see something. And we go, I can put a whole planet there, solar system eventually.
I could fill that. I see something there. And so a lot of people say that it's a crowded space.
I'm like, it's actually a void and wide open. What are you seeing? Change your glasses. Yeah. Yeah.
@59:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What are they seeing? Like, what are they benchmarking?
@59:52 - Jenn McCarron
CLM. They're seeing CLM and the proliferation of. Those tools, the size of the price, the loudness, the marketing, how many CLMs, how many copycats, how competitive those are, and seeing it as crowded.
And I'm like, but we're not pre-sig. They don't even listen, some of those investors. They just think it's all one thing.
And I'm like, here's the thing. It's not all one thing. And that's the error in their way is making it all one thing.
Pre-sig and post-sig, different animals.
@1:00:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Coming back to the, like, you mentioned a lot of, like, I don't know, startup people, they talk about, like, the different phases, and, like, you have to do X and then do Y, and then just having that.
What's your argument against, like, why that's ? But then also, do you have, like, an analogy or story that you could share to kind of, yeah, back up that as well?
So I think, obviously, everyone has their different philosophies. So we're of keen to get where your take is on that.
@1:01:04 - Jenn McCarron
On what is it?
@1:01:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Basically, so you mentioned there's phases of building a startup, and you're like, yeah, that's . What do you think that is?
Do you have any analogies or stories that you want to share just to back that up?
@1:01:21 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I mean, I've been, I'm actually like, personally, privately, very frustrated with my main investors, the VC investors, because when we're on the phone, all they care about is the engineer, and what he needs, and his bandwidth, and his capacity.
And this engineer I have, and funny, he doesn't want to scale, he doesn't want more engineers, he wants to, yeah, like, exactly.
And so then they challenged that, and on the call, I'm like, well, I'm really overwhelmed, and I could use, like, I said this.
Right away, when I started with the funding, I would love a RevOps person running the pipeline and being in the CRM every day because all I want to do is fill that CRM with names, contacts, leads, follow-ups.
But I don't do that. I don't sit in a system and do that data entry. I don't like it.
It's a bad use of my powers, superpowers. And they disagreed with me and said, I shouldn't hire someone until we have PMF.
And I'm like, I don't know. I disagreed. And I just made the decision weeks ago to hire someone part-time who appeared before me in life and is bright and competent and wanted to do it.
And then funny comes to me and pushes back. Well, you should like interview three people and look at all three.
And this is founder's office jobs. You should get the best candidate. And he's like, I know a startup that deploys founder's offices like people.
Bulls, resources and stuff. And I was like, but I have a warm body sitting in the room with me right now, ready to go.
And is this really that, is it really a huge difference? I don't have time for that. And to constantly put me in analysis paralysis, I think, is a waste of time.
I think, I just want to choose and pick someone and if they're wrong, I'll fire them.
@1:03:26 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, that's it.
@1:03:28 - Jenn McCarron
I don't have time. I go into, I go into a spin of decision making. And that's a little bit what funny sometimes puts on me if I ask him for like thought partnership.
He goes MBA on everything. And I'm like, I just want to go on instinct and emotion and like this feeling I have and speed and good enough work to get the next set of, you know, work tasks done under that role.
And I feel the same now with like making a move for Jennifer if it works out like. Oh, the book, the investors will tell me it's too soon, the engine isn't built, and the stupid book they're having me read, Price, what is it?
Some startup book. I read a chapter. I read a chapter and fell asleep.
@1:04:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm like, what's Yeah, let me think with that one.
@1:04:21 - Jenn McCarron
There's Pricing Innovation, which you could sum the whole book up as, like, charge more, charge for everything, change your pricing a lot.
But, like, these are helpful to thumb through. Let me see this other one. Oh, wait, Monetizing Innovation is one.
That's the pricing one. What the heck? There was another one that just... I can't think of it. Hang on one second.
It's right over here. I already lost it. It's another book on just like building the thing. And it's written in a time of SaaS startups.
And I think that there's a framework with them, the way you study an old textbook, but you got to fill in your own stuff.
And like, I need someone now who's like me and carving out some of the deals and who can concretize that engine with me.
And, you know, my co-founders didn't believe me on them. Marketing with you. And I was like, no, now's the time because instinctively I know I'm good at voice.
I'm good at collaborating with a creator on this who can help me structure it and then just help me drive it.
And I think it's working. I mean, it's like we're still early days, but like, look at this engagement. Look what everyone is telling me.
You're linked in. That's only been like two months. It's two months in. And to me, it looks like it's on fire.
Yeah. And reaching people in the far reaches. It's working. It's carrying my voice around without me working. I do the work with you and then we post and then my voice is going.
I'm interacting with someone right now somewhere. That's crazy.
@1:06:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
lot of reposts and just people commenting. I always read the comments as So there's a scale there.
@1:06:54 - Jenn McCarron
There's things to scale early. And I think funny actually approaches engineering and. Approaches it with big scale first thinking and the scaling things so that later we're ready for the big enterprise because that's where he started.
And I think he does a lot of automation inside with the engineers using AI and getting AI to do a lot of work that you would have to hire a little bit more for.
AI monitoring this, AI checking our integrations, AI flagging stuff, coding with AI, etc. So he's scaling in a way and I don't think any of these people who wrote these books built that way and they built on a slower, different timeline.
@1:07:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, different timeline, different era. I've been talking to a lot of like VCs and they're looking to invest in like AI native companies and the playbook is completely different.
It's different.
@1:07:47 - Jenn McCarron
Nobody knows it. Yeah, yeah.
@1:07:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
They're just figuring it out as they go and maybe they're running money. Maybe they're losing like investing bad deals.
But yeah, everyone's learning right now. There is no playbook.
@1:08:00 - Jenn McCarron
Funny, I shouldn't say funny, doesn't want to hire any engineers, but he thinks that we can get to like super company status with 15 engineers.
He's like 10 to 15 and he's going to be set. It's not going to be this like what you see at the SaaS companies now.
Droves and droves and droves and droves. That's his vision. And I don't know, we'll see. But the VCs are like, what?
Because they're used to something else. Yeah.
@1:08:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I mean, that is a common narrative that's been in the market right now. It's like, oh, two-man, billion-dollar company.
I think there was another company that was like, yeah, 100 mil, two people as well recently. And so I think that may be inspiring, but also, I guess, it depends on the market, the industry you're tackling.
Like, it might not be that easy. Yeah, it's quite tough. Right. Okay. Awesome. I think I... Every week. All I need to do is just to connect with Ordeno.
I've forgotten what your password is, so I might need that again. Oh, yeah.
@1:09:11 - Jenn McCarron
And then we turned on Sales Navigator or whatever inside my LinkedIn. Oh, do you have Sales Navigator now? Yeah, we added it.
Oh, okay. Cool. So, because we did that, my LinkedIn is annoyingly, it's to my personal email address, so you have that, right?
@1:09:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I forgot it, that's why. I don't save passwords. I would just, like, save it in the browser, but then anywhere outside, I don't save Got it.
@1:09:45 - Jenn McCarron
So, just to tell you again, I'm putting it in the chat, and, like, they made me turn on two-factor auth.
Oh, yes.
@1:09:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, that's why I need you here.
@1:09:54 - Jenn McCarron
So, there it is in the Slack to you. That's login and password.
@1:10:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And there should be a, yeah, there's a thing I need from you, phone number.
@1:10:19 - Jenn McCarron
What do they want, the code? Code. 375916.
@1:10:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, did I type it wrong? Let me double check. 375916? Let me just check it.
@1:10:42 - Jenn McCarron
Today, 1214, 375916. Ah, okay, I might have typed it wrong. Okay.
@1:10:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
See you next week, Aloud. Jen, Nick, cool. Awesome. Let's see if the analytics can pull through. Okay. Awesome. Analytics will slowly pull through.
Cool. Yeah. So there's like, can you see my screen? Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. So you can see like top performers and then we can also have labels and then we could track like, what is the format that works best for us?
So this is like just high level, but then we can actually push this all into Claude and do deeper analysis on that and create like, maybe more like static dashboards, but it'll give us more analysis.
So this will be really cool. Yeah.
@1:11:49 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. There's something I want to show you before you jump. This is awesome. And Hmm, how do I show this to you?
Where do I have this bookmarked?
@1:12:13 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Last month, 155k impressions. Oh, nice.
@1:12:19 - Jenn McCarron
Come on!
@1:12:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, it's pretty sick. Yeah, watch this.
@1:12:25 - Jenn McCarron
Watch what I had an engineer build. I'm going to share my screen. Let's see. Share the window. This is not illegal.
This is to put a disclaimer. Check this out. Profile posts.
@1:12:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Enter.
@1:12:50 - Jenn McCarron
So, I have an app that you enter anyone's LinkedIn profile. Hmm. And you get all of their posts, and you can download the reactions, the comments, into a sheet, and including, I think it downloads who did the comments.
@1:13:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, I know tools that do this, but they're not cheap. Exactly.
@1:13:29 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, it tells you the author name, author headline, author profile URL, comment, post it at permalink.
@1:13:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Did you build this, or? My engineer did. Nice. Oh.
@1:13:52 - Jenn McCarron
And we haven't taken it a step further, like, it's just downloadable CSVs for now, but that means, you know, once it's a CSV.
Could we take it a step further? So my RevOps person is in here. I don't know how religiously she's in a process working on this kind of scouting, but we need to crawl this for leads.
Yeah.
@1:14:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The immediate thing that I'm thinking is you can scrape the reactions, comments, run it through some sort of LLM to filter by lead to make sure they're ICP, and then you could then add it to something like a Hayreach or something to automatically connect with them.
And so you already know what the source of that person came from. be like, oh, I actually saw you engage with Min's post or whatever.
And that could be like a conversation starter.
@1:14:47 - Jenn McCarron
Exactly.
@1:14:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And yeah, you could do this with so many different profiles in the current campaign, so it just automatically heads them.
But obviously making sure it doesn't meet the... Well, it meets LinkedIn's T&C services, yeah. But that would be really cool.
Oh, awesome.
@1:15:12 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, this is cool, this is cool. Cool. Yeah, I don't even have time to, like, meticulously refine that process, but in progress, now that that's built, we can jump in and grab names.
@1:15:27 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I think it's just trying to figure out, like, what is the creative way of starting the conversation, now that we know, like, where we got that list from.
Yeah, exactly.
@1:15:38 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@1:15:39 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool, awesome. I have a thing about, like, maybe interesting stuff that we could do, and then maybe doing it in a steamy, automated way, so it kind of takes off your load of trying to do all of it manually.
Awesome. Yeah, I know a few tools that kind of do it, so let me have a think. Sounds good.
@1:15:57 - Jenn McCarron
This is awesome. I'm excited for our video tomorrow. I'm going to text everyone I know and be like, go.
Yeah, exciting.
@1:16:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, actually, one last thing. The logo is still in progress. I'm trying to, like, there's no, like, good, like, outputs that are, like, good enough for me to kind of show you.
And so I haven't shown you anything yet. But I'm really keen to kind of see what is the overall, like, look and feel that you want.
Because the designer that I'm working with, there's a few ones that he kind of showed me. Like, let's say, for example, some of them, like, the lines were very skinny.
I think it was similar to Legatus, something. Was that the company?
@1:16:40 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@1:16:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So, like, that skinny feel, I don't personally like. But I'm not sure if that was something that you liked.
I liked it as a concept.
@1:16:49 - Jenn McCarron
But the feedback showed me that, A, Legatus wants to sue me. B. Legatus. woman have I Legatus.γ São Witt.
Bye It's not going to print well on things and see it hurts some people's eyes. And I get all of that.
So I like it as an idea, but not as something to literally do. Like we need a sturdy. yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah. Like we need something that's just a little more sturdy in the line's thickness. Yeah. I tried in the brief I wrote, you guys, I tried not to even rotate too hard on that.
Because I don't think it's it, but I think it's a path to it.
@1:17:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Because like there are some examples they showed me, like Google DeepMind and then also Stripe. Or even like the other ones like Off-White.
And they're all very bold. Like some sort of like, yeah, obviously the text is like thicker. It's more, mean, like sturdier.
Yeah, I feel like the. But the lightweight, thinness, it doesn't have that enterprise, professional feel.
@1:18:07 - Jenn McCarron
I agree with you, and I think we need to go bold. I think we need to bolden. It is true.
Everything I sent you had sturdiness in the font, the typeface. And I just like how that fills the space more.
So I'm willing to go that way. Okay.
@1:18:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Also regarding like, because I know we mentioned like Daft Punk and like the Epcot, is that something you want to kind of try, test out?
Or was that more like a, just like a side thought sort of thing?
@1:18:46 - Jenn McCarron
I thought I wanted to try it out, but we tried it. And what it yielded was all of the above, and it's not working.
I like the concept of... But it may have been too much concept.
@1:19:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Too abstract, you mean?
@1:19:07 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, or just too hard to literally take a geodesic shape and put it into a 2D something image. And to try to make it 3D is hard.
Okay, okay. So I'm not married to it. But I like what I was able to abstract out of that is this is a three-dimensional thing.
Like when you turn your contract PDF 2D into data, it becomes 3D. It has dimension now. And what does that mean?
It could go into the enterprise and agentic workflows in a way we've never all seen to do work that used to be all manual automatically.
So I like those concepts, but I don't think they need to literally then be drawn as the outcome.
@1:20:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. What about that 3D look and feel that you mentioned? Because there aren't that many logos that I know of that have a 3D sort of look.
Yeah, it's hard to pull off.
@1:20:14 - Jenn McCarron
So I don't think it has to try to be literally 3D. Even like the Odessa, the band Odessa, I saw their logo, my friend saw their logo.
He's like, oh, I feel like you're going for that. And I'm like, oh, yeah, cool. And I played myself with that with that logo.
And it's 3D. It's trying to be 3D. know, the one I'm talking about this. It's called something this shape.
That's hard to put into a logo. It does. It looks good on a band floating on a gradient in like the desert.
Yeah. And I was putting it around our text and stuff. And I'm like, it's not working here. It looks strange.
Yeah, yeah, I think so, too. Yeah, so no, moving, the idea doesn't have to try to literally be a three-dimensional shape.
Okay, okay. These are not translating well, and the way we did it with the design A, it hurt people's eyes, and it's too thin for possibly printing on things as logos.
It's lost a little bit when it's shrunk down to size, and when it's shrunk and you're looking at it zoomed out, it looks exactly like Lagardus.
@1:21:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Up close, it doesn't.
@1:21:37 - Jenn McCarron
There are different things going on, but zoomed out, like do the squint test, which is the ultimate on anything, it looks the same, so it's not working.
Yeah, okay, okay, cool.
@1:21:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
yeah, I always imagine like in the favorite con in your browser tab, like if you look at that, do you actually see it?
I mean, let me just show you, I'm going to show you one.
@1:21:59 - Jenn McCarron
I'm going to show Last thing, there was a, this is, I liked something at one point that was almost like a flower, that was almost like open AIs, and that's actually, let's see if I can find it, I don't think I can find it fast.
I'll ping it to you. Okay, yeah. That was like a bit of like a, it was a C, but like woven into like a ball, it looked like almost a yarn ball, and I loved it, and then I showed it to some people, and they were like, this is trying to be open AI, this is trying to be lifestyle, and I was like, oh, okay.
But are there rules with that stuff yet? Are we there?
@1:22:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Um, I mean, because. Because we also talked about how iHealth and these other companies are kind of moving towards that lifestyle feel.
Right. So is that what you want to do as well? Or kind of stick to something that people are more familiar with?
More familiar? Oh, here, I'll message you this.
@1:23:24 - Jenn McCarron
The spiral. This was the concept. Not lowercase, ignore the font.
@1:23:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, this looks like, not like immediately, but it looks like the Google DeepMind logo.
@1:23:45 - Jenn McCarron
Right.
@1:23:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@1:23:50 - Jenn McCarron
It really does.
@1:23:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, if you look at it far enough, it has that feel. Yeah, I loved this for the first
@1:24:00 - Jenn McCarron
First few months, thought we were going to go with this, and then I realized, oh, it might be like ChatGPT generated, which means it could literally be someone else's logo.
@1:24:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Okay. If I do have any few concepts that I potentially like, I will send them over. Amazing. Amazing.
@1:24:21 - Jenn McCarron
I'm open here. We're pressed here for something good in the next iteration. So I'm open-minded. It doesn't have to be, yeah, literal.
think there'll be a few iterations. Yeah.
@1:24:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And then I will probably send you like a few concepts, and the ideas are just to get your feedback on like whether certain concepts are going the right direction.
I think that's the most important.
@1:24:47 - Jenn McCarron
Amazing. Oh, lovely to chat, as always.
@1:24:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Same as I'm also looking forward to the video tomorrow. Hopefully, that goes all. Fingers crossed.
@1:24:56 - Jenn McCarron
I'm ready. I'm ready to pounce. You know, I wore... The same thing that I shot the video in, this is what I do with videos, just in case I have to reshoot everything, I was like ready to go today, but we're good, I can change my clothes tomorrow, yay.
@1:25:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nice, amazing. Have a good rest of the week, and I will chat to you soon. Same to you, talk soon, bye.
@1:25:17 - Jenn McCarron
Bye, Jenn.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 11 transcript.docx ===
[Contracts.ai] Week 11 transcript - April 14
VIEW RECORDING - 74 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hey, Jenn. How's it going?
@0:03 - Jenn McCarron
Good, good.
@0:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
A bit tired, but good.
@0:06 - Jenn McCarron
I don't know if you staying up all night is part of your kind of like American-facing work schedule or if you were pumping on this with me to get it done, but I'm really with where we got and appreciate any extra hours and push you helped me in getting this done.
I actually really love where we got, like, that's it. That's it for now. That's the logo and it works and it has strength to me.
Oh, amazing.
@0:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So good to hear. Yeah, so like normally I would work till 5 a.m. So yesterday it was a bit late.
Worked till like 6.30, 7.00 kind of thing, so. Dude.
@0:44 - Jenn McCarron
Cool. Cool.
@0:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, glad you like it. That's amazing to hear. Yeah, we went through a lot of iterations, but we eventually got there, which is the most important part.
Most important part.
@0:55 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, we got there and I'm already like within. The opening minutes of you giving me that started just sending it out to like conference deadlines, etc.
Funny's ready today, take the higher res and just start cycling it through the website and the product. Yeah, we're ready to rock.
@1:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yes, we can get rid of that placeholder logo now. I did not like that at all.
@1:27 - Jenn McCarron
You know, lesson learned by me is I tried to take a good amount of money and have a UI, UX designer do a UI, UX, a logo refresh and a website because that's what they all sell that they can do.
And the UI, UX needed a lot more focus, testing, testing, iteration. And the hero flow was bigger than we all even realized that she was designing in scope.
So it took all the best time and good. The UI. IUX is in a better spot and I mostly believe in it, but it left no time for logo and websites like fine.
It's neither here nor there. It's like, okay, it'll get better over time. But the logo, the font was so a draft.
And when I look at your feedback really helped sharpen where we just were not. And even when I looked at the font that I, Ankara, that she used in the word mark, that is a font that is like level heading two or heading three on a YC Combinator website.
Not a, you don't do all caps with that. It's like, what do I, we say this, it's like in college, like when someone majors in a minor, it's like.
Yeah, yeah. So I'm so happy. And this font, this text, it has what you, the first feedback you gave where the font just didn't have like, you said something like, this doesn't.
It quality. It doesn't look expensive. doesn't look like it belongs in the companies that you know we're selling into.
This has it.
@3:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Amazing, amazing. Another good news was our latest post. That went pretty great.
@3:16 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, like I knew it would be good intel to give away the secret, which that's actually not a big secret.
That's what a consultant does, that kind of scorecarding. But people don't always have that tool or mindset. And so I was taken by how well it did.
Where's it at today? 10k impressions?
@3:39 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
33. What? Yeah.
@3:45 - Jenn McCarron
Oh my God. Dude, dude, that means that there's more here. That means that there's more. I have good news for you.
We are in a deal. We're in the pipeline with Starres. Like a real estate software platform that is the software behind all the major universities in America that help with like applications, RA management, community board management, property management.
They're PE owned and they are a fiery group. And I think it's the CLO, guy, Jack Kegelmeier. He stayed on the call with me yesterday and he goes, I saw one of your LinkedIn posts and you wrote about an actual use case.
And it really, I have that use case and that's exactly how I look for things on LinkedIn. Cause it's a show.
It's like a noise pool. And he goes, and we're not, we're not first degree connected. We're second. And he's, and he saw something with use cases in it, which we can probably narrow that to the like four or five or the video.
And from, we had a demo last week and I, he just like, whoosh, pulled me way forward and was like, this came back.
This week. And they're like, we're going forward. We're building the business case. Let's put the pricing together. And he parallel tracked everything.
He's like, this is so exciting. So all from LinkedIn and that kind of post. a great signal.
@5:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Amazing. Oh, that's so cool. Oh, that's really good validation. I was actually, when the post first came out, I actually saw just the analytics around saves because I've definitely noticed that saves, has been something that LinkedIn has been over-indexing quite a bit in this new algorithm.
so if you look at it, there's like 204 saves. Holy That's probably the most out of every post.
@5:41 - Jenn McCarron
If you can start tracking that as a metric inside that report you put together, let's track it because that's very important.
And I had the same thought. You taught me about the saves last week or whenever. And I, when I saw this going last night, I was like, oh, I bet everyone's.
Saving it. Because people are writing in the comments they are. People are DMing me about this, saying I saved it.
So it's a good thing, because if it's a format that really works, then we should do another post on what's some rubric or framework or tool set that I've used that we can write up and just give away.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
@6:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And no paywalling or making stuff hard right now.
@6:28 - Jenn McCarron
It's not the phase we're in. We're still trying to be like, and give it all for free and add value.
Did you see what I sent you over the weekend, the top 10? Oh, yeah, the GC checklist.
@6:39 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, like that really happened.
@6:42 - Jenn McCarron
A GC wrote me and goes, God, he's like, I have like 25 things, but I'm just wondering, based on what you're seeing, what are the 10 things I should care about as a GC?
And I was like, I have no idea. This is a great LinkedIn post, let me write it. And I wrote that up and refined it.
And I think I wrote you and shared it as like, do we put this behind a website up or we get all the people signing up or do we just write it up like we did this and go, here's the 10 things you got, internet, have at it, probably that.
Yeah, I think probably that.
@7:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I was going through the people that commented or liked the post. There were some really big players. I think there was one, like a director of legal, something like MasterCard, also Amazon, also just really big companies.
A lot of general GCs, yeah, all of our ICP. So like, I've started adding a few people. I don't want to add too much today.
So like, kind of go through that on a, you know, tomorrow or the following days. But really good signal.
Very, very good signal.
@7:51 - Jenn McCarron
I'm, I'm, I'm really pumped. And, you know, I came down with a cold and so I had to like lie down a lot over the weekend, which put me like just.
Behind, and it makes my head, yeah, I get very negative emotionally when I feel sick, and so I'm just weaker.
So I come in yesterday, and you know, Lagora, Video, Jude Law, Last Week the Yankees, like Harvey, Innovation Spotlight, I feel like inundated on LinkedIn, and I'm like, how is my little authentically written post with text, but a valuable thing, gonna push through, and I wrote you and was like, feeling very insecure, and you're like, eh, don't worry about it, like, we're punching through, the numbers aren't lying, like, they're not lying.
Another guy wrote me today, a lawyer, and he's like, your writing is signal in the noise, the noise of AI slop on LinkedIn, and I love reading what you wrote, I saved your scorecard rubric, it will help me.
@8:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, yeah, yeah, I do think, like, as you mentioned, right, like, there's a lot of players doing these, like, big.
Big announcements, but content is and always are in motion. I guess that's what I believe, but you don't just do it for like once, twice, and then just, you know, have silence.
And these big bands work, but, you know, the performance will be like this, rather than like an ongoing compounding version.
So I'd say these, yeah, like they're probably spending a lot of money and budget doing these videos. Crazy amount of money.
And so, you know, like this is obviously VC money and they're encouraged or even pressured to spend this because we need the results, we need a dry pipeline.
But, you know, I think at the end of the day, product matters the most, you know, like you have to build something that people want, plus also making sure that you have things worth saying.
Because right now it just feels like there's not a lot of substance, a lot of posts that everyone's creating, which is good, like for our, because we're creating really authentic, really detailed, tactical, operated playbooks that most people don't have.
Um, substance, exactly.
@10:02 - Jenn McCarron
Like value, something helpful, something I learned, something I can think about in the problem solving of the day-to-day work that's real.
And I always pride myself on real, not bloat, real, not magic future, what I, the idea. And, uh, it's theater.
A lot of it is theater. And I get envious because I love making videos. I just love video as a form of communication.
I love it. And when I get to see an experience in the video making side of my life on the YouTube side is absolutely incredible.
It's incredible. I mean, in, in two days or something, the video I put out last Friday got like 5,000 views or something like 5,000 people are watching something that I'm talking through, delivering, teaching, enriching their lives and cracking jokes with.
And they find value in the product. And, um, uh, so I, I want. But that in all areas of my life, and, you know, we're just not there yet.
And I still trust in your, like, leadership here in that there's a moment and a time and a place where the right milestones you take to video, and we will have fun with those.
And then let's get back to work on, like, 204 saves.
@11:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm not sure if you saw Sandstone actually posted a video. And, yeah, it's horrible, but... Oh, I can't wait.
@11:33 - Jenn McCarron
They're definitely, like, Nick is definitely watching what I'm doing. I met him, the founder. He's cool.
@11:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Maybe this is a customer...
@11:46 - Jenn McCarron
Can you ping me? Do you have the link up?
@11:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I sent it to you in Slack. Oh, great.
@11:52 - Jenn McCarron
I just have a...
@11:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm not sure if this is a customer success or testimony. Every lawyer knows this feeling.
@12:00 - Jenn McCarron
What is this garbage? They're doing a lot more. They're watching me, and I met with him to see his product and be able to throw business his way and him throw my way.
And I said to him, like, I want to build a media studio around all of this. And now I noticed their marketing person started following me, and here we are.
The posts literally sound like me, like, with what and how we're writing.
@12:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I mean, there will always be people who try to copy, but, you know, like, they can't stay ahead because they're always copying.
And also they don't have the, you know, like, background to back the claims that they're making. I think that's also the internal part is, like, why, like, who is this person?
Like, what makes them able to say this stuff?
@12:53 - Jenn McCarron
So I found out everything and exactly who he is. Is it true that this video has one reaction and one life?
Like, no one has even... Yeah, yeah, that's one.
@13:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Exactly, exactly.
@13:04 - Jenn McCarron
So, look, he's a superstar, Nick, who founded Sandstone. He's a 26-year-old smart kid, smart guy, elite, elite, elite, elite, educated, went to work at McKinsey, bloop, got plucked, put with a Sequoia person, his little agent he built in his two years in the workforce at McKinsey, had some traction with some customers, bloop, bloop, bloop, his first customer's Wayfair, his father's on the board of Wayfair.
CFO, father, amazing. And so he got enough traction and stealth to go raise $10 million from Sequoia and some heavy-hitting investors.
So those investors, like VC Fund, they're just shooting them in the door of any and every company. But guess what?
I'm about to poach Jennifer from there, who I've been talking to for weeks since I met her in Miami.
And she's one of those, like, one in a hundred people you meet. And so, hey – Thank And I go, ooh, she should work for me and be her.
Like, we have something here. I like her way. And I've sensed she's unhappy, and I've said it again when I saw her last week or the week before, and she left.
Because it's not the right match mutually, and she has a lot of respect for those guys. But she said what you just said.
They're being flung into the rooms. They have no domain experience. And closing the bigger deals, she's like, they're themselves.
And because they don't even, are not even aware of that, and how to, like, ride these enterprise deals to the end point, they're already pivoting to a mid-market, go-to-market strategy.
Because they think that'll be, like, fitting and faster and easier. And part of the reason why she left is she's a deal shark and wants to hunt big.
And I said, well, KKR is in my pipeline, and I have no time to talk to them. Like, I'm luring her with that in a good way.
And I might close her today. I might close her later. Oh.
@15:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh my god, exciting. Really exciting.
@15:05 - Jenn McCarron
And all the things. So I have like a head full of what these guys are doing, doing really well, and not doing super well.
And they're following Sequoia Playbook, Moonshot Talent. But they don't even know how to sift through the Moonshot Talent. Like they're kind of picking like hitting this people.
So this video literally sucks.
@15:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, like might as well not create an editor in my opinion. Or just stick with text.
@15:36 - Jenn McCarron
Speaking of like just this kind of video, like I'm going to bring my camera rig to the conference in Chicago.
We have a lot of conferences coming up that we'll strategize for content ideas through and after and before. But at minimum, I'm taking my camera.
I always... Take my camera and a set of microphones, the small ones, because I'm a YouTuber, A, and B, just in case.
And I can bring this stuff and at any point do that kind of video, a customer-style quick one-minute, two-minute thing if they wanted to chat with me, easily.
And I'm already working on this with Lisa, our first enterprise customer. I said, oh, Lisa, don't you worry. I'm coming to make content with you.
And she loves it. She's a fan of my content. So, uh, can you just hold for one quick sec?
Yeah, yeah. I just want to see what Fanny wants. What's up, Fanny? Hey. Yes. Yeah, yeah. Stretch goal would be, um, I think we should tie it to...
In terms of revenue and milestones, I'm kind of myopically focused on revenue and getting into the low millions of ARR.
So I'd love to tie her to that because it's exactly, she suggested that and it's exactly how she works.
She wants to deal hunt. Two years, 10 million. mean, that's a stretch goal, but maybe, maybe 10. was thinking more like less, like five.
Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, I believe in us. Yeah. Something in there. Something in there. Um, I don't know. In terms of, like, other than revenue?
I was, I think you should make 10 the extra. And something between 5 and 10 or 2 and 10, the goal, the one stretch goal, and then go extra at 10.
And this is our total revenue, right? Not her deal, not her number? Yes. Yeah, we're going to be, we're all going to be fluid in every deal.
Yeah, great. Just checking. Yeah. numbers like that work, and we can put them in front of her, and See how she reacts.
Great. Right. Right. She'll have to chop that up. But that's a good way to put this. We want to give 5% in her direction, invest in her team growth so she's successful.
Brilliant. Right. Yeah. Yeah, more. We can talk about more. More points, right? Yeah. Okay, cool. Thank you. See you soon.
Bye. Sorry about that. We are trying to close her, Osman, in like an hour or two. So it's exciting.
And I don't know if we're going to get her. I don't know. But it's, she wants to work for us and is willing to like lower cash salary and just wants a lot of.
Founders-level equity. like, okay.
@21:05 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What are your thoughts? Because I heard there's equity chats, right? Yeah, there's equity chats.
@21:11 - Jenn McCarron
And my thoughts are we need someone who's really, really high-polished, high-fidelity, strong, that we can build with. And when she put new numbers in front of us yesterday, I presented a percentage and a number, and she went, okay.
And I counter at this and this, and I was like, gulp, be right back. And we rejiggered things so that we have some of that to give.
And I'm hoping that she would take on the lower end of her range so that there's a little more there in the pool for her to play with or hire great people in.
Because I really believe in great people and great talent. And I believe in paying more for things to get quality faster.
And I, Osmond. My take on all of this, how it's all moving, is in triple time. And we got a late start compared to, like, Ivo's been in the market, GCAI's been there, obviously Harvey and Liguori even before them.
And they're just, like, dominating, and we have to, like, I just unleashed almost 100 grand in marketing sponsorships for me to go be at, like, five shows for the rest of the year.
So I'm in that room, those rooms, and our new logo's there, and I'm talking to my friends. Because if I'm not there, Ivo's there, Sandstone's there, and the budget cycle's open, and they remember this kid, Nick, who's great, but, like, not, he's young and still building experience and trust.
So, you know, I feel good that we're in the realm with her to get something meaningful.
@22:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, awesome. Do keep me posted on how things go in a few hours. I'd love to hopefully hear some good news.
Amazing. Amazing. Do you have a hot stop by any chance? Just because we are stuck out?
@23:10 - Jenn McCarron
I do not, thank God. Okay, awesome.
@23:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay, great. A lot of things we can cover today. As usual, any interesting insights or other insights that want to share?
Recent conversations with customers, peers, that kind of stuff?
@23:32 - Jenn McCarron
Yes. Like, I scan my calendar to just a little bit lag. One thing, you know, in thinking about this hire and even analyzing and prioritizing everything that's most important right now.
The Thank Justify this. I have formed the hypothesis of everything is moving a lot faster. All the in-house teams are now awake and they are out and they are out on the hunt to address what isn't in the current SaaS solutions that they put in for years.
Some want to augment, some do want to rip and replace. We are actually seeing it all. And the really sophisticated thinkers who see our product go, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
They go like this. They're like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Do you mean to tell me I can get rid of Agiloft or a CLM?
And can you validate for this to me? A GC said this to me. Can you validate this to me?
It seems like where all this is going is. He's like, I should be thinking about a modular approach with AI native products in this space a few years who are solving in a more concrete way really well at depth.
And stitching all of that together. And I said, 100%. And I said to him, I knew this was the approach.
When I was in-house at Netflix, I never did one-stop shop tech. Everything was modular around contracts. How do you put one technology around 1,100 contract types at Netflix?
That's a death march. You don't. You modular and make it fit for different practice groups. Here's your tool set.
And I learned that at Cisco. I learned that each group at practice area and legal is going to have a different start point, end point, intake, throughput, product, output, and business users to disperse all of that too.
So I got that core learning before AI and the AI of it all is the speed, the luminance here, the hyper video of it, the LinkedIn of it all, the growth.
Stuff like, I mean, Legora, front page, New York Times ad. So legal. Tech is just like, there's an acceleration happening that I have to think about, and we have to think about scaling in like a, it's like you have to put on goggles and see into the future, and be understanding that and building towards this.
Like yesterday on a call with our customer, Funny said, oh, I built the localization ability, and soon we will be able to turn on the platform in the first seven languages.
And in front of the customer, was like, wait, you did? Like, you did that? I was like, so pleased.
He goes, yeah, we talked about this. I'm like, I know, but localization feels like something you, you don't think about in the first two years until a Portuguese customer comes, and then you're like, okay.
And then you have to go back in and look at a platform in a way. You have to redo the platform to localize it, because it has to be done speaking about.
And so weird that I know localization engineering really well. My first tech internship ever in college was as a localization engineer.
And I learned how to turn that mapping software into 26 languages. And I was basically product managing all of those releases.
And a startup founder, or actually a family member of mine who's doing his own startup called Sheer Health, a consumer B2C company for American healthcare company, consumer advocacy and claims fighting, he said to me at a family dinner months back, he gives me some advice and he goes, think about the big scale now.
And he's like, it will feel weird to like not have four customers, but be localizing. And he said that to me.
And I was like, I don't even have time to tell my co-founder that we're so busy, but my co-founder told me that.
So not only can we, not only. As our product, read, extract foreign language, not English language, contracts, and break the data down and normalize it in our database in English.
And now you can come in and prompt in German and prompt in that language and get the answers in the contract.
Okay, now we're localizing the software into the first six or seven languages. And I'm like, whoa, like it's, it's such a, you have to be such a future machine right now to keep up with the innovation pace.
And I feel it left, right, and center. I mean, you see all this news that I forward you like a link or two, the Claude Cowork word plugin dropped last week.
And everyone's like, ah, some people are like, the smart people are like, it's here. And the really dumb people are like, I don't think there's anything to worry about.
I'm like, there is a lot.
@29:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Those guys have resources.
@29:04 - Jenn McCarron
They just hand-waved their way into a lot of legal tech companies' products and valuation. And there could be a reckoning with that if those companies don't have their future visioning and prepping going on in a way to scale.
And that's all we think about, he and I, because we are super scaled people. We are, sometimes I don't know who's big, like we're both just really big about the scale of the enterprise, how to make the thing work, and how to build now in the technology itself.
So it scales for those kinds of things now, foundations now. And in like the example of the person I'm telling you, I want to go higher.
Like it's a big hire for us. We're moving Equity Mountains. And I'm like, I told him, I'm like, I just have a feeling we need that.
I have The feeling the PE thing is going to blow up and that. And she can walk into any customer and nail it.
She's very polished across industries. So it's very uncomfortable to be like always looking so far into scale and the speed of all of this because I'm making big decisions on a SaaS playbook.
And my founders will tell me there's a timeline. You must wait to hire a DevOps person until whatever. I'm just like, actually, them.
Like, they're not me. And I know where I'm best used and I'm getting run over by hours just to manage all of the all of this.
And now I'm finding customers need to stay on the phone with me longer. They want to talk more. It needs that extra time so they can understand this new market category.
And I. I have to give it to them as I have them on the phone and they want to go over 29 minutes on the call.
This is happening over and over. And then I'm late to the next call and it's very chaotic. But if I book an hour, they don't have an hour to give me.
But if I give them a half hour and it works, they want the time more. And like, I want to be there when the customers, when they call for as long as like KKR comes back in the pipeline Thursday last week.
And they're like, we want to talk tomorrow. And my whole Friday was booked with the stuff I had to do.
I couldn't move it. was like important stuff that I've been fighting to get to and like kind of like doctor's appointments too that I needed.
And I was like, like, okay, we'll meet on Monday. I wanted that on Friday. I want to be with them when they want it for as long as they want it so that they get the time they need to like fill in this new category.
Because this is all new. And we've talked a lot about this. You have to educate and help them understand the geography of the tech, is how this GC put it this week.
And that this really smart team at STAR is that we're going to close. I know it. They basically already told me a verbal.
They were like, okay, demo's great. We understand everything you are. And they said to me, what are you not?
And I thought that was a brilliant question to ask. Because most startups will start the bullshitting and the storyboarding and the fiction tale of vision and all of this.
And I am not that. I went, oh, great question. We are not workflow. I will refer you to three workflow players who are excellent and I'll partner with them.
We are not a CLM. I'd rather get back in the van and tour with five guys driving to play in Chicago to 50 people in a dirt bar, like a basement bar.
Never CLM. That's just, that's a category of yesteryear. And I said like one other thing and they loved it.
They just loved me boldly saying what we're not. And you have to say in product management, you have to say what you are and you have to say what you're not.
You have to know the line there to draw it and go, we're not going to do workflow. That would be an annoying product feature set to get really good at.
Why would I do that when my friend Evan built Checkbox AI and it works? And it's plumbing for legal.
I don't want to build plumbing. I'm building a foundation. I'm building a data warehouse and house for enterprises. So, and I was always frustrated with startups, my old vendors and partners who would tell me that they're this and they're that and they'll make us coffee and the app does all of this.
And a lot of them were CLM people too. So there's that.
@33:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you get that question a lot? Like, what are you not? And then the second question is, why do you think they ask that question?
@34:07 - Jenn McCarron
I'm getting it a lot. I might not get it in those exact terms. I get a lot of, are you guys a CLM?
Help me understand how this all sits. And I pull up the visual for, this is the first thing I show everyone so that they can understand the geography of where we want to sit and how we sit in the stack of it all.
That we're not a rip and replace. We're not a CLM. However, if you don't have a CLM and you need a repository search, we're it.
We're the best thing you'll ever see. It's the dream. And we built some precinct stuff, et cetera, because why not?
That's how you dream of drafting. But we're not a CLM. There's no life cycle here. It's data. So we do get it a lot, yes.
I just thought that that was a very sophisticated way, direct way to go, like, what do you not? Because that helps them draw immediate product lines around the value here, so they can move quickly on decision and going forward.
@35:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, it would be great to change that logo. I was looking at that, I was like, oh. Oh, yeah.
@35:27 - Jenn McCarron
My RevOps associate has been given the fun job of sweeping this deck with all the new, with all the new.
@35:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think, I kind of wanted to double click on the modular part that you mentioned. And how you don't have one solution, because I think, just from our conversation so far, it's not a, it's not a conventional way of thinking, or people don't think about it this way.
And I feel like this is probably the right way or one of the best approaches to doing this and making sure you don't overspend on technology that you don't need.
And potentially we could create like a really, really good graphic or some visual and like what that all looks like.
@36:17 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, I can draw like coming off the heels of that Netflix tool. I can draw the five to seven point CLM strategy I had at Netflix.
Oh, okay.
@36:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And I used to frame it as such.
@36:32 - Jenn McCarron
I used to say we have a five to seven point contract tech and data strategy. And depending on your contract types, we come up with the right arrangement of a few of those.
And look, if there's something unique that your contracts do or they move uniquely in a way that none of this solves, it'll become a five to eight point strategy because that's how we work.
If you put module, a modular set of tools in the toolbox that cover. right right Most of the use cases and you design.
And, you know, you hope to get all of the landing spots at the end in one place or one or two repositories.
That's still a good idea inside the enterprise, but it rarely happens. You get all contracts in one place. They just don't all belong always in one place.
But, yeah, I could draw that up. Okay, okay.
@37:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like, it could just be a rough thing, and then I could design it up, make it good looking. I'll pick it up my to-do list.
Because, like, that question around, like, what are you not? That felt like a question, like, oh, where do you sit in this stack?
And maybe that's, like, indication around modular. And I think everyone has, like, a budget of, like, what to spend based on use case.
And so this is all tied to that as well. And, like, that visual you're sitting around, like, where do we fit?
Like, I think that's also kind of a modular sort of... So these all tied together, I feel. They tied again.
@37:59 - Jenn McCarron
again. And they will educate people on how they have to think right now. Even if they stay on their current CLM, that's great.
Like there's a lot that is connected to that box, reporting, hoses, integrations that are already running. Great. But you have to think modularly because the one-stop shop idea is very SaaS 10 years ago and it's .
It's a flawed, flawed concept. No one product can do it all. Like even in the social media space, one product can't do it all.
And all of those products are tremendous. And like YouTube cutting off its original content arm years ago and going, bye, we suck at making original content and they sold all that IP.
Brilliant. You have to be willing as a product to cut off your arm and let something in the business float away if it's not core to the value prop.
And here's the second thing that's being said a lot. Thank A guy said to me that I had a great call with that's deep in the contract tech and data space and wants to come work for me one day said, CLMs need to reconstruct or they will deconstruct.
I think we included that somewhere or something somewhere. But they have to change their shape because modular, in my opinion, was always a better strategy than one-stop shop.
And now with the AI of it all, it behooves you to go modular because we're all solving in a few ways.
Now, look, Harvey and Legora are already at breadth. They're like, now we have the agent builder and the platform builder and the workflow builder and the agent builder.
And like, you can get all these agents like working like they're people under the hood and they're there and they're pouring this level of money into marketing.
Like, it's going to be a wild ride for them.
@39:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
There was a comment you made in the GC check. I don't know that they do.
@40:13 - Jenn McCarron
I don't know that they do. I think they have relationships with their SaaS vendors. There's some trust there. There's a bias towards you're there.
You build software. You're the tech company, SaaS company. Oh, you put an AI feature on? I believe you. And then they go to use it, and they're like, what the ?
It's the use and the lack of, you know, being able to do the thing they're trying to do in an AI-native way.
And bolting on, there's a lot of thought around Stass can't bolt on. I'm trying to find this thing that we were writing up in an email.
Like, why a SaaS company can't just bolt on what we've built and deliver it at the accuracy and the reliability?
You know, similar to what we wrote about, if the metadata on 100 tags of a governing law is right 82% of the time or 59% of the time, it's 100% wrong because it has to all be re-tagged.
The same thing happens with any kind of, like, data tagging of a term. And without trust and accuracy, those are Fath-baked features that, sure, might leverage an LLM, but they're not built from an AI core like we are.
And they actually struggle, these larger, like, 200 million in revenue, 400 employees, SaaS company like an ironclad. And they struggle to innovate because they have so much...
... ... ... Bloat to manage and feature bloat to manage and people in there and like this generic marketing machine and every like customer success guy is named like Toby and he's like San Francisco white guy Toby and they all like look alike and wear the same outfit, etc.
Like they cannot innovate quickly because they are not born out of pure AI, like pure AI, generative AI, LLM only.
And that's what Funny is doing all day with his engineering team. He was up all night last night. He's like, hey, I just redid the algorithm.
Like, so that it more concretely can look at two documents and a table within a document here in a table within a document here, both have numbers, prices for things, different data tiers, all of these things and go, well, that's an E.
Discovery services table, and that's a payment fee table. Ironclad cannot get its AI to do that from Monday to Tuesday for our enterprise customer.
And that just makes it more trustworthy, more accurate, and more usable by the enterprise. We're so agile. I'm going to find this email John wrote me.
@43:26 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The wording that you had was like, what are the top 10 AI terms we should revisit when a SaaS vendor adds AI?
By revisiting, is it like, they claim they're doing AI. These are the questions that we should be asking them to see if it's like legit or not.
Is that the angle?
@43:48 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, if he's a GC asking me this, and he says terms, he means almost like terms of the engagement and the agreement.
And therefore, the agreement. And what, how do you know, how do you know what to triple down on with them to ask for and ask about and make sure it's reflected in the agreement and the terms of the engagement and the contract?
And things that, so I took a lens, I hope that's correct, I assume that's what he meant, but I took a lens of like, what are we being graded on, assessed for, putting into writing, and showing and guaranteeing the most things like this accuracy, being able to audit, log, share with the tech and security folks, being able to just anchor all of that in our product into the engagement, and therefore like the contract.
And there's no way, like you should, he should have, if a SaaS company of theirs, partner of theirs, is suddenly like SaaS.ai, that's what they all did, they changed their websites to be like.
like, well, now we're an AI company. Well, show me in the contract of all of this how you're guaranteeing that.
And if I'm giving you more money and you're an AI company, well, what does that mean? I should see some changes.
And he thought to come to me and go, here's someone who's papering only AI tech company deals. What are you basically papering and doing in that process?
I thought it was a fascinating question. Yeah.
@45:29 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Let's say if an existing vendor doesn't meet a few of these criterias, what do they do then? Do they actually try to find another vendor?
Because I imagine it would take so long to implement it, and then does it mean they have to rip and replace with another tool or find other tools to cater to those weaknesses?
What's next for them?
@46:00 - Jenn McCarron
Hang on, let me text him. What's next in terms of...
@46:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So, like, let's say you mentioned how, like, revisit a SaaS vendor if they add AI, and then, like, a few questions around, like, accuracy validation, or maybe, like, audit logs, third-party models, like, whatever, like, these.
And let's say if their existing vendor does not meet a few of these.
@46:27 - Jenn McCarron
Then they should really consider how and where they place their purchasing power. Either... Maybe the SaaS does the five things they're doing today really well, and you need them for a certain number of things.
But you should either peel that apart and go, well, I'm not paying for AI, you know, I'm not paying for SaaS.ai just because you wrote things on your website that you're an AI company.
If I don't see all of this, I'm not sure that I... They pay more because that's what's going to start happening.
They're going to start on pricing, offerings, et cetera, going, well, it's AI. And they should grade them on that and apply pressure on the economics and or find the one product back to the modular point of, well, then who does that really well?
And go shoot it out. Go do a pilot with the AI startup like us who does that. And do what our first two enterprise customers are doing, side-by-side, SaaS, ironclad outputs, and our outputs literally in a spreadsheet.
And they're grading us and going that and then going feature sets there, accuracies there. Okay, show me all the things you can perform up to our mark in the RFP process, the cyber assessments, the questionnaire.
Striker was like, we need to see logs on ABC. And Funny's like, okay, I'm going to send you a bunch of logs.
And they got the logs and they were like, we. We don't know how to read these logs. And Fani's like, exactly.
But we got a call with their security person and said, well, how do you want these? This is the format.
What makes sense? Do you want to pass them through an API? How will you stage? What outputs can we feed into your input intake?
And we refined it together. And like, I'm hearing feedback from the Fortune 500 deal that how we show up, how we problem solve, how we iterate our platform from a security perspective and being able to like avail all of that.
Go, okay, just tell us how to modify it. We'll build it for your intake. She's like, you guys are soaring through the process in a way none of us have ever seen.
And it's very exciting. It's very exciting anecdotal feedback. Hmm.
@48:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's kind of reminded me of that. I think story around like a company asking their clients to like pay more, like even though they're like not using the product fully.
And then they're like, oh, we just added some like AI stuff and you have to like pay more to like step-in-figure contract or whatever it is.
I think that kind of ties with that. I forgot what that specific company was. Maybe it was like a CLM or something.
And they're like, why were you paying extra where we're not even fully utilizing the tool? If you can grab it from the transcript.
@49:20 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@49:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. Oh, yeah.
@49:23 - Jenn McCarron
Why would we pay extra if we're not fully utilizing? Is that the story I told you where during legal week, I bump into like an in-house legal tech, legal ops friend?
And I'm like, hey, on the sidewalk, I'm like a dead sidewalk. And I'm like, I'm going downtown. Where are you going?
He's like, me too. We went to the same party. And in the cab ride, he's like, this is a major telecom company.
Major. And their customer of the CLM I used to be on, I took in at Netflix, I took live at Netflix.
And he goes, you'll never believe this. He goes, tell me what your product does again and how it's going.
He loves me. So he's genuine. So I tell him everything and he goes, oh, so you do what Evisort does.
I'm like, yeah, we don't do their crazy modular pricing and we're utility priced. So it's pretty awesome. And he goes, speaking of pricing, Evisort's part of Workday now.
so they send a Workday like sales guy named Scott, like out to you. And Scott's like, you're not using the product to its full capacity.
And he believes that we should take your, it sounded like you paid like 350K a year. So we'd like to take that up to a million and show you all the things, show you all the things that you're not doing correctly to get the value here.
And he went, you immediately lost me because it's kind of a huge assumption to come at a legal ops person who's been in that industry for 20 years.
He's a smart dude. They basically go, you're not doing your job well. So give us more money and you.
It's like what I read from it. And he goes, I can't get off that platform soon enough. And that was the second big diss I heard about Evisort in particular during that legal week, running around, seeing peers, old friends, in-house people.
They're complaining a lot about the pricing there. And I just think like a reckoning is coming. Deconstruct before you reconstruct.
I think a reckoning is coming for these CLMs and on their pricing too, because people have to go modular to innovate right now and find the best tools for the actual work.
And they have fixed budgets and legal budgets are not big. They are not big. And CLM gobbled a lot up.
So it's their dominoes ready to fall down that trough, basically.
@51:51 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think this would be like a good story to tie to that checklist? Because I think, you know, that that's part of revisiting a vendor in a safe
I like, what are they doing while doing poorly?
@52:08 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think so. I think so. I think there's the modular thing and the scorecarding thing were very big, like, fundamentals in my strategy doing that work at the last place.
Yeah. And I was always a tech person. So I knew about modular. I've always had tech jobs and tech projects.
And I understand tech really well and understand really well, too. I can just feel when someone's, like, a little bit over their skis, they say.
And I used to feel it with the CEO of Evisort when he would say, oh, Jim, we can do that.
And I'd be like, can you fly to the moon back, grab me a coffee and do this? And he'd be like, we're that kind of system.
He would just jump at whatever we said, and it turns out, I think he's just a startup founder, like, story, I think, I don't know, he's not a hustler, like, I don't mean to say that in that derogatory way, but I think that there's not as big of a value story behind that product as what was worth a $300 million sale to Workday, 330 mil.
Oh.
@53:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@53:32 - Jenn McCarron
A lot of that sale, by the way, was the Netflix business, was my confidence in that platform, working with them for three years, and my friend went in to work at Workday, and she helped the deal makers push the acquisition over the finish line.
She literally went, they were like, go, no, go, memo for acquisition, and Anya got in there, they brought her in, they're like, you know this space, what do you know?
And she said, if Jen McCarron put it in, it must be. said, business, Good. And the deal went. Wow.
Yeah. I mean, that's for you and I to know, obviously. It's a very inside track thing. that's how whimsical some of these acquisitions can even be.
That's how whimsical product value can be. And I don't want whimsical. I want sturdy. I want sturdy. I want sturdier than that.
And I'm willing to do fewer things in the product and do them really well for sturdiness.
@54:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And tell me about the podcasting stuff. You mentioned you wanted to discuss about that.
@54:40 - Jenn McCarron
I'm ready. I went into like a spin last week. You know, when I get nervous and uncomfortable at work, I just, my secret weapon is I just supply hours and work.
I'll have like a burn all night. And funny when on vacation last week, he is my absolute anchor in this endeavor.
And I pass I panicked and I worked into the night and I was like, I need the hiring plan for a $2 million operating plan.
I need the job descriptions. I'm looking at LinkedIn going, these are podcasts and videos and Cecilia with her big round face is just like, the worst camera angle, the worst lighting, and they're crushing.
And I'm like, enough's enough. I know how to talk to people. I know how to talk to people and bring out learning and education, the YouTube of it all.
I did 100 podcasts for Clock. It can get deep and I can wrap it up and get to insights and it becomes a lesson for people.
That's what I did with the podcast. And I just said, , it's time. I have to turn it on.
If I don't get my voice and face back out there and do like what you said, audience, their audience expansion, we're going to fall behind.
It's easy for me to do two podcasts a month, find someone to. Talk to for 30 minutes or do you do 60 just to be comfortable and have a lot to clip and then just have production, take it all in and clip it.
But I will need help with the, I have to find, I need production help. That's the kind of person I am.
I can't go chasing guests and prepping them and all these things. Like that'll have to be factored somehow into the marketing machine, but I'm scrappy.
can get a few going on my own, of course, and even test it. So yeah, I just, it has to happen.
Audience expansion, their faces. And I know how to shine spotlight on people in those conversations and make them look awesome and interesting and stuff.
Like it's not for me to riff on like my brilliance. It's something like, what do you think? Like, tell me more and guide them in a conversation where like more is revealed and they even have a fun, like, they're like, oh,
I feel like I was just in something and like I could really take them through that.
@57:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So this would be like our podcast instead of us going to or attending other people's podcasts or being guests.
@57:13 - Jenn McCarron
this is a Jen is the host of this Contracts AI podcast or Jen as me. And it has a cool name and I bring people through combos, take that audio, sure, we'll push it out somewhere, but really take it for video clips and clip it and put, you know, three times a month you put up a clip of the best thing that guest said or you take 20 clips, whatever the numbers are, and just throw those out there.
Everyone's doing it and they're all terrible at interviewing with their ridiculous amateur gear. Like sometimes I want to write Mary O'Carroll and be like, dude, lose the...
Pop filter. That's very 2020. No one needs a pop filter and the headphones and stuff. We get it. You're podcasting.
Who cares? And she's not even a good interviewer. It's very flat. But that works for a lot of corporate people.
So I'm talking our own. Of course, I want to be guests on other people's podcasts. Of course. I could do that in my sleep.
I can roll up. I'm show ready. I'm deep convo ready because I'm so activated in this work for the last 15 years and expressive, high expressiveness.
I'm in like the 1% of expressiveness in this like barometer in a leadership training we all measured ourselves on this rubric.
So I can just like, you know, instantly be like, and we're live, like instantly. And I'm even like, should I do a live TBPN style show for legal tech or legal innovation?
Because no one's doing that. right. Yeah, live, because that's hard to do, and no edits were live, and you needed a higher degree of production to organize the guests and stuff, but yeah, I think we're ready to start thinking about that, and like, I'll go on anyone's podcast, I just don't, I'm not like banging down doors right now, but if you see them or have ideas for how to get me into others, sure, all day.
@59:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay, okay, do you, do you want me to help out with this side of things, because I have done podcasting for like, like two other clients in the past, and like, maybe what I could do is like, I could write down all the things, like, you know, involved in a podcast, and maybe you could pick and select what you think you would need help on, and then, yeah, like, maybe we could try, find some sort of engagement, if that works for you.
@59:54 - Jenn McCarron
Let's do it, let's, yeah, like, let's do it, let's think about it, show me what that looks like. How that factors into our current thing?
And or like, does that substitute out other content because it becomes a piece of the content strategy that we have currently been designing and, you know, running on?
Like, yeah, definitely interested and let me know the shape of all that.
@1:00:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah, sounds good. Did you want to talk about Claude for Word? And I think also the Harvey, like, copy and paste data feature?
I think that those are things that you sent through to me as well. I wasn't sure if those were part of, like, feature announcements or were there things you wanted to, like, add text on?
@1:00:44 - Jenn McCarron
I kind of, I do want to talk about Claude for Word. I admittedly haven't seen it and used it to know exactly what's going on.
I mean, I can watch a bunch of the products. videos and glean certain things and happy to do that.
But I think that it's a very timely thing because we're tripling down on our Word plugin, our Word add-on.
And that's a feature video in our pipeline or our backlog until we decide to greenlight. So if we write about this, actually, this could be the article we write, the LinkedIn post we write that is the testing ground on whether to greenlight.
Yeah, prior to, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay, cool.
@1:01:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, maybe if you could look at just sort of a word, maybe try it out, and then, yeah, I think we could post about that.
Because I do think when we have, like, a post that kind of tests the market to see if they're interested, that's always good feedback on, like, whether we actually end up building a feature.
Because it takes a lot of time to build a feature, and why not just use a post to validate?
@1:02:00 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think so. And we can say things like, hey, I thought I wasn't going to do pre-signature, but turns out I had this vision at Netflix.
That's where I got concretized of how lawyers really want to work. The content legal lawyers taught me how they really want to work.
And it's word. They want their clauses and their templates right here to fly in and out in redline. And they want their precedent, executed precedent right here.
And I started building that as part of that five-point solution strategy at Netflix and achieved it in a lot of ways.
And in some ways, I didn't. The executed precedent was always the laggard, and that's what we're solving for. And so there's elements of that, solving for that now.
And I am hungry to achieve that vision because customers are asking me for it. Cursor walked me out of the demo when we were done.
And Maureen, my former colleague at Cisco, now at Cursor, is pushing the doorbell. I mean, the elevator button to me.
And great insights actually happen in the lobby when you're getting the elevator into New York City building. And she's like, you know, if you're going to do executed precedent, I know you're post-sig, but this is a legal world.
We want it to feed the pre-sig, the drafting. And they're like hand in glove. She's like, don't limit yourself.
And I went home and was like, funny, we have to build everything, pre-sig, everything in work. I sent them all the videos I saw.
said, feature match all of this. Otherwise, they're going to not give us business and just use Claude. We have to, even though it will be commoditized.
We have to, and we are. I put the word plug-in that we have built today in front of the person I'm recruiting.
And she's looking at it and she's going, oh, I can already give you like flow ideas where to take this to make it the best.
She's like from my lawyer eye. And a lot of the current players, GCAI included, they can't do that vision of it all really well.
They do part of it really well. And I'm like, oh my God, we already solved the hard part. It's easy to build pre-sig, word add-on.
Let's go. So I think you should consider this as the write-up. Microsoft is such a highly evaluated piece of crap.
I just added the Claude plug-in and it's not adding, of course, but I will add it and play around enough to have more input there.
Oh, there it is. Claude right in your documents. Log in to Claude. It's all happening. I will be in and caught up on this within a day.
Okay.
@1:04:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Amazing. I do think we have enough content for this week once we get the modular stuff as well as Claude for Word.
There was a question I had around the personal stuff, but it was an interesting one. I was wondering if you wanted to...
Maybe we could, eh? If you could build a life board of advisors who dead or alive, would you put on it and why?
Oh, a board of advisors?
@1:05:15 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, dead or alive. Dead or alive to put on this? Yeah. I would definitely put Mick Jagger on it.
Oh. Yeah, he's, I've always heard, is a brilliant at business guy, like real economics mind and really helped drive the business of it all.
In a way that that band never got screwed over and always made pretty good decisions and they're still a band 50 years later and rose to such, like when you put it in startup terms, like mega enterprise.
There's an enterprise to that. And for that to happen, you have to have really keen business minds in there and for him to be a front man, creative, and a business mind.
It's a very rare formula, and I'd want him on it because he'd be able to look left brain with me and look right brain and know that a lot of this is a show and how you show up, how you perform.
I'm doing a demo next week to Cisco. That's an audition for the business. We do runs of show in every demo.
And the ones that are tightly put together with pre-production, those win deals because we rehearsed it and we run a show, a demo for a business.
We can borrow creative tools all day, creative performance, visual look, like why don't people invest in a better camera and better lighting in their home offices, especially if you are selling software, especially.
So knowing where to take the show up and how and then having a business and creative a left and right brain, that's what Steve Jobs had, powerful artist and entrepreneur.
I mean, I'd be cliche if I said Steve Jobs. I won't, but I liked him before anyone even cared about what a Mac was.
I was like the only person with a Mac in college. And I was reading books about how awful Steve Jobs was, so they pushed him out of Apple.
And I was like, this guy is the . But I'm not going to say Steve Jobs because now everyone puts a quote from him on their resume.
And I'm like, you're dumb. But a lot of ethos of that Apple stuff. But Mick Jagger is one. Bruce Springsteen is one because he's really good at business and traveled the long trail.
And he still has endurance to deliver to the customer in these epic three-hour shows. He still shows up for the product.
He didn't sell it. He still does the thing. He still hands off to the customer. The most amazing thing, which I think is cool.
A lot of people You know, they literally sell out and they don't and they can't or whatever. They're limited by their choices in life.
This is a big one I could think more about. Advisory. Would you say it's like an advisory board? Yeah, yeah.
@1:08:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Could be about life, could be about business, whatever direction, but it would be a fun one, I think.
@1:08:23 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I think there's a couple like artists too. I might ask someone from like Casey Neistat, he's a big YouTuber who built, he's built something from zero, invented a new market defining content medium.
And we all like worship the product he's built and he's an absolute, he's a really smart dude. He knows how to build audience and edit something of value.
And the product he makes is so. High quality. And his customers, the viewers, just love, love, love, love it, love it.
So he's one. I mean, Elon Musk is a little cliche to say, but I do have to draw from amazing business world, like superstardom.
And he can just see into a void and see a product. And his dreams, nothing gets in the way of him and his dreams.
And what he has done is human race changing innovation. And who knew PayPal was like, I was thinking about him and PayPal yesterday.
Because I won't turn my PayPal account back on, because that's like very 20 years ago to me. And it got hacked and I'm mad at them.
So, but I put him on. I actually applied to work at Doge and I was hoping. I could get the call, and I actually had a few strings I could have pulled to try to get me the interview, but I didn't full-court press it, and I didn't go, but I would have went into Doge in a second for even a month to work on it, sleeping at the office all night.
Let's clean this place up with the waste of government, et cetera. I would have loved nothing more, because spiritually, I believe that I'm aligned with someone like him in both creative, entrepreneurial, innovative, and business principles.
Stop at nothing.
@1:10:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. I think that should be good. There's like three or four to perform.
@1:10:39 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, and Elon Musk is the type, if you put up, you're going to get roasted, and I don't care about that stuff.
Oh, Ivanka Trump, actually. have a big dream to meet Trump's daughter. I have been a fan of hers since The Apprentice.
She is a shrewd businesswoman. She's good and smart and raised right. And we have a friend who is friends with her and has invited us on the yacht to hang out with her and Jared because they know I love her.
And I'm like, I'd come, but I get seasick and I'll be throwing up over the side of the boat and not spending quality time.
But this week was on Diary of a CEO podcast. And I listened to it and I was like in tears in the opening minutes when she got choked up about her grandmother.
And I think she is a really smart, polished, tough woman, tough businesswoman, built an $800 million business or something.
And then her father's like, need your help in Washington, D.C. and went, bye, business. Like, come on.
@1:11:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Wow. Have you had like anti-nausea medication in the past?
@1:11:53 - Jenn McCarron
No, I should try that for this boat ride. My friend sold the $100 million yacht, so it might happen.
On a villa instead, which, but if it is a boat, I'm going to take, now that I'm in a startup, I'm taking the pills, I don't care if I get sick, to hang with her, and then, you know, sit next to Jared, who is PE fund or hedge fund, whatever he's running, my ABC fund is doing very well on it.
@1:12:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The reason why I asked is because I also get seasick, and pills seem to work for me, and so, yeah, maybe I think worth a try.
@1:12:26 - Jenn McCarron
Last person, I'll say Trent Reznor, detail-obsessed, system builder, worlds of sound. I'm a systems person, so worlds, worlds. Those who build worlds, I really like, and it ties into my product really well.
I like systems of and worlds. I don't like narrow. I respect narrow.
@1:12:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Ooh, all right. This was great, Chad. So cool. Yeah, yeah, Cool. I have everything with us. I'll send through these posts to you in a few days.
Yeah, anything else before we wrap things up? No, good to go. Sounds awesome. I'll get my designer to send through the editable versions, hopefully later tonight.
But yeah, hopefully the ones that I send through are good to go as well.
@1:13:18 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I'll ship these today. Thank you so much.
@1:13:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Amazing. Lovely to chat to you next week.
@1:13:26 - Jenn McCarron
Yep, talk next week. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 12 transcript.docx ===
[Contracts.ai] Week 12 transcript - April 22
VIEW RECORDING - 58 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
How's it going?
@0:03 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Good, good, good.
@0:05 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I will be.
@0:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Like a new you, are there new glasses and a new haircut?
@0:12 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
No new haircut, but new glasses.
@0:15 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Okay, wow, they really, like one slight thing, it's like, is this a new Osman? Cool glasses.
@0:22 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, thank you. I didn't know that I had astigmatism, and so I got a check and I realized like it was pretty bad.
So they recommended me kind of start wearing glasses to get used to it. Because I've never worn glasses before.
So like when I first wore it, I got a bit dizzy and blurry. was like, oh, this isn't great.
So yeah, I'm trying to kind of cope.
@0:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, well, yes, these things happen. Hopefully you adjust and everything becomes clearer then.
@0:54 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah. The thing about astigmatism is like, you still have the same... Like, your vision is still okay. It's just when you look at light.
So it's like, you feel it's normal, but it's actually not normal. I didn't know.
@1:12 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I have a slight one, and it's like, it's weird. It's just weird. Something is just off, but only in certain ways.
Otherwise, my vision's always been pretty much okay. So yeah, I know the weirdness. I know the feeling.
@1:28 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
How are you? How's the wedding?
@1:30 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Great. sorry.
@1:31 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
We're not wedding, funerals. Sorry. Yeah, yeah.
@1:34 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
It was good. It was like my wife's cousin's grandmother. I didn't know this person super well. So it's not like it was a major, major press on me.
But, you know, just sad, sad with people and funerals. I'm like, no more funerals, Osman. I'm like a little bit over it lately.
It's my second one in two weeks. It's just emotional, but I'm happy to be back at work and in full force of my life.
Mm-hmm.
@2:02 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Did you see the latest post that I sent you, by the way? Oh, yeah.
@2:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
The one you just sent a little while ago of Josh Sengster?
@2:12 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah. Agiloft. Oh, no.
@2:16 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Uh-oh. Here we go. What is... They're doing it, too. Every single company is introducing their product that sounds like ours.
It's like Domino's, almost. Like, Contract AI.
@2:39 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
If you just add the dot, that's basically tagging us.
@2:44 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah. They've been, like, in that post that, you know, got a lot of engagement last week on the trough of disillusionment, there was a lot of...
The Agiloft content manager was liking very kind of... And passionately, the negative towards me comments from that woman, Roma Khan.
And then, I don't know if I told you, I forget like the timing of last week in this post in our last session to now, but an Agiloft former exec that knows me somewhat personally from over the years, like DM'd me pretty, he was pretty like, what are you saying here?
Because it sounds like you're saying CLM is dead, and he goes, I have a lot of stock in Agiloft, and I hope you're not saying that, because you're trampling on my future, basically.
Wow.
@3:37 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Wow, look at this.
@3:38 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Wow. Wow.
@3:46 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
How do you do this? Yeah, because I guess like, as we're seeing more and more of these competitors starting to pop up, how can we either have like some sort of narrative or...
Way to defend ourselves against these people, like, we're not this, or we do things differently, because eventually, I'm assuming buyers will start to compare, like, oh, what's the difference between contracts like AI and these CLMs implementing these features, you know, I think that's quite important to your communicator.
@4:20 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, you know, I think the guy, what erupted in those comments last week on the Trough of Disillusionment post, like, Roma Khan, that woman, like, really, I thought, stepped out of line with me and was a little bit unprofessional and a little bit finger-pointy and saying, you know, cool that you're doing a startup now, and I applaud you, but, and was like, you should, try implementing with a CLM first before you, like, take them down.
@4:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
And I wrote back, Like I am implement.
@5:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I am. We are integrated rather. keep saying implement, integrate with those systems. So I know what I'm talking about.
But then I don't know if you saw like into the night, the Primata, that's another CLM that according to their CTO, he was writing in that chat that they re-architected their database from the ground ups, which means they basically killed the old product and rebuilt something that could architecturally plug and play.
for everything that is now and be ready. And so he feels they're ready because of that rebuild. And he said a lot of things like, you can't just bolt on a rag.
You can't just put a rag with a chat prompt on top of SaaS architecture that's been around for years.
It won't work or scale well. And he goes into why. And I think that is like the crux of all of this is that you have to rebuild things and almost take every.
Everything down to the studs, code-wise, and come back up. And that's what funny, my co-founder always says, that's like, he says, you can't trust any company older than two years ago that they're doing it with the full, like, AI through and through, like, architecture.
So that's, that's, I thought it was really, like, powerful for me to see a potential, like, competitor in our space, like, applaud me, say those, drop those kinds of truth bombs and help quell, like, some of the ridiculous myopia that was coming from that person's point of view.
Like, she was so myopic. then you look at her name and what she does in the world, and she's like, CLM whisperer, and, like, CLM consultancy.
And so, okay, you're biased, like, respect.
@6:51 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, she has to take a stance, because it's a job. Yes. Yeah, and I think this also ties to...
The post you sent me around copycats chase creators' lead, the while with Malbec turning on contract intelligence. So I think more and more people are starting to enter the space.
But then this post also talked about it quite well, which is he said that don't spend time focusing on people copying, because that's just like, you know, giving them attention and just playing the wrong game.
So trying to figure out like, what is a way to not call it out, but then also just being able to showcase our differentiation.
Have you heard, I guess, so let's say when prospects come and be like, oh, what's the difference between contracts.ai and like these CLMs implementing these like contract intelligence?
@8:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, the first thing I say is we're not a CLM. We are an intelligence layer that can layer on your CLM and extend its value and data into the actual enterprise agentically.
Like all that right there cannot happen from a CLM out. You can't just on the edges of your CLM workflow, like just start adding an agent to go do things and take it through an integration and do things.
You have to like old school, integrate manually, technologically. So number one. So I say that because CLM is a lot about pre-sig life cycle, getting negotiation, getting the signature.
There's nothing in that about data also. Like this is a data intelligence platform, a data layer. So it's trying, what a data layer does is try to translate the intent.
And of the document into data that can go be actioned elsewhere in the enterprise. Number two, we say time to value, time to live.
This is live in days or weeks, depending on the scope here of what you're taking in. A CLM takes years, and a CLM takes incredible hidden resourcing as well, like legal ops or professional services on par with legal ops and needs that ongoing.
This does not require that at all. Like, we can take it live and create a search, a repository for people.
So light, light, weight, light, touch, implementation, fast, fast to value, fast to answers. Contracts. Yeah. then we, the third thing I'd say is like, well, we, with our fintech and legal tech domain backgrounds and our vision here is we're agentically going to tie contract data into finance systems and do like real calculation, reconciliation of invoicing, forecasting, et cetera.
And we're showing it to finance people and they're giving us signals here and coming, like they want the software.
So a CLM will not be selling itself to finance. Like a CLM wants to be in legal. That's like, its feature set is for that.
Our feature set is for the enterprise, including legal.
@10:52 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
But then let's say if now big and they're talking to the customers, they're like, Oh, we just turned on contract intelligence.
And then we're trying I'm pitch to your customers. How are you going to handle that?
@11:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'm going to draw the road to, like, if I'm talking to legal people, I'm going to draw them the vision, or it's not even a vision, like the reality of scale and speed and how they get a powerful AI-based database to work with, where there are no secrets and mega costly implementations.
It turns on, ingests, and gives, like, very deep and fast intelligence across the contracts. If it's not legal, or if they care, if legal cares about getting this data into products' hands and sales' fingertips and finance and procurements, then I'm going to talk about what the agent, our agent, does into those.
Workflows today, and our integrations, et cetera.
@12:05 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay. What do you think about the market of contract intelligence? Because I remember you had like a dick, and you mentioned how you have like two TAMs.
I think one was like for tagging all contracts, and then another one for like reconciling. Oh, yeah.
@12:27 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So in thinking of those two TAMs, I do not believe that all of this contract intelligence is going to, that they're bolting on, is going to eliminate the need for manual tagging.
We do. We do. And we're proving this with our first customer. Our first customer is a legal ops team, and their goal, our success kind of overall measurement of this implementation is remove the manual tagging her and the team have to do.
None of it. No more, no more, and no time to even quality check, because that's how good we get our AI refined for all their custom fields that they need tagged.
And at scale, this is a scale of tens, almost hundreds of thousands of documents. There's, I don't, like, I'm not reading that here.
I'm not reading that this is tagging and structuring that info into data to move it around the enterprise. I'm seeing what, Ironclad said the same thing, and Malbec's stuff was so, like, busy and weird and purple, I couldn't, like, even understand what they were saying.
But I think it was all similar, where you can conversationally prompt, say, oh, I have a situation here, pull out all the discounting policies from.
Um, this, these contracts, um, like they, you can ask questions of the contracts, which is the easiest thing to do.
That's basically ChatGPT wrapper or Claude wrapper. So like Claude can do that today. was just in a Claude for legal demo and you can put your five documents into Claude legal and do this.
@14:24 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay.
@14:25 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Is this the wrapper? I think this is a wrapper, whether it's responding to new regulations, ensuring enforcement of pricing, discounting orgs, increasingly being asked to make decisions faster, some of the barriers that orgs have to get, surfacing risk, understand what's in your agreements.
And there's no, no data on this page, which means I'm not sure. Like, this is just a chat and a chat and a rag.
It sounds like bolted on.
@14:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Mm-hmm. If you, Have a quick skim at the video. It's like you drag and drop a document, ask a question, and then give you some sort of analysis based on an agent.
It seems like a table that they've created. Yeah. And then it can visualize the data apparently into like charts and stuff.
And then maybe some sort of contract analysis.
@15:31 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Get started with a free plan. And what does that mean? Is that a secondary, is that a secondary product?
@15:46 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I mean, that's what it sounds like.
@15:49 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And if you'd like early access, add your name to the waitlist. Like this is not, this is not live.
And to me, like, understanding what's in your agreement, surfacing risk, answering business questions in real time, cool. I want to see if they can do it off of a million agreements.
And, you know, it's not like a five-minute prompt and clawed return, that it's something, like, fast and ready to go.
@16:28 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
They're, yeah, they're pricing. 480 a month, 10,000 credits. Oh, you're saying pricing? Oh, on their landing page. So, you saw, like, if you'd like to get early access at the waitlist, click that link, and then go to their landing page.
@16:49 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Join the waitlist to get in early and start moving faster before everyone else catches up. Start moving faster, but wait.
I mean, these marketing people, I... I they all have traumatic brain injuries, because this is some of the worst marketing.
Wait a second, because we're not yet building it. We are scouring Contracts AI. But once you get in, start moving faster in the future.
I don't even want to put my name in this, because they're going to pick it up. They're going to pick up my name.
I have all the software running now, where I can see who hits my site. So now I know they all have the name.
@17:27 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, cool. Yeah. So it says, what makes Estra different from other contract, AI contract solutions? Where do you see that?
@17:40 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Oh, I forgot to scroll. I forgot to scroll. Too much process, not enough progress. Contract analysis, contract review, where contracts hold you back.
Scoring is a dangerous game, putting arbitrary fake numbers on things. But, okay, commercial, AdWalloft is trusted by leading orgs.
They have serious customers. Here we go, start free, scale as you go, $480 a month. Wow, interesting pricing.
@18:31 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
There's a lot of people who are charging by credits nowadays, these AI tools.
@18:44 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
What does a credit mean every time you use... That's the thing.
@18:50 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
It's so confusing because credits are... Every platform defines credits differently. Like, AdWalloft will have their own definition. Of what credits are.
So it sounds like a usage-based pricing model, but this just makes it so hard to understand, you know, are we using it enough?
Are we going over budget? It's very hard for finance to, forecast what that usage could look like.
@19:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, tough and weird. Like, $500. I trust that's a per user on a credits plan. Okay. I mean, okay.
I think one of our...
@19:42 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
It says each time you analyze, you use a credit. Each time you analyze, you use a credit.
@19:50 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah.
@19:52 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Use credits to track and charge for usage.
@19:54 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So if you have 100,000 degrees... Demence. And you say, show me the X and the Y and the Z across them all.
Boom. You get a big table back. How many credits was that? One?
@20:16 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I don't know. Yeah.
@20:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And then if you go, okay, now do like, you know, one, two, and three to these and slice and generate some language for me to bring into a thing.
Like, I don't understand any of this.
@20:38 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
But here we are.
@20:40 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Here we are, one at a time, introducing something that sounds like us. And again, this sounds really validating. Sounds like I was onto something.
Yeah, yeah.
@20:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
That's good. If there's no competitors, then there's probably something wrong. But it seems like people are. Looking at you and seeing you as a role model, you know, which is good.
@21:05 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Totally, yeah. And I don't know, a lot of people think the CLM space is cooked. I can't believe what that, you know, post brought up in comments and DMs, people DMing me privately, other than like the one guy who wanted to start a fight with me.
And I said to him, I know him kind of personally, and I'm just like, dude, I did not say CLM is dead.
And who, if I did, who even cares?
@21:41 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Any relevant conversations or insights you want to share before we get started?
ACTION ITEM: Draft LinkedIn announcement for Jennifer hire; send to Jenn for GDoc conversion and Jennifer review - WATCH
@21:48 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Here's a relevant move being made right now. Wow. Uh, I... We are hiring someone full-time, and hopefully they're starting next week.
And I wonder if you and I work on a post announcing it because it's a significant person and a significant hire.
Jennifer? Yes. Did I share with you her profile and the deal here?
@22:24 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
You talked about it, and you said that you were going to hopefully close her last week.
@22:30 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, I'm sending you her, what's it called, her LinkedIn profile. Yeah, so we're negotiating, we're in the offer letter right now, and just in some red lines and hoping to close it ASAP.
@22:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Ah, awesome. So she's going to be on board soon. Yeah, yeah, next week.
@22:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And she's open to a LinkedIn profile. Post about it and, like, is loud and, you know, she trusts my creative lead on this and gave me, like, the signal to make as much noise.
And it's helpful for her to make the signal so that it shows, like, the landing and then she can just be really out there, toggle her LinkedIn, et cetera, and, like, go for it in her network and get hard at work, hard working on all that fun stuff.
So, yeah, she left Sandstone and then, like, privately she told me that Sandstone is, like, amazing in that they have a lot of money in the bank and they have a lot of mid-market customers trying the software out.
And so there was enough traction there for them to fetch 10 million from Sequoia Capital. And she said the awful part of it is, like, them being younger and career guys that don't know the domain super well, they don't know how to take things, like, the branding's great, everything looks great.
They're getting all the intros from these top tier firms and angels and stuff, but they don't know how to like domain relate to the customer and take things across big finish lines.
And she said she watched them like kind of botch a few enterprise opportunities because they're like, oh, that's too long and too complex.
And she's like, it's a real deal, though. Like this is a big logo and a real deal. right. It takes some more time.
So what? Like let's let's let's rip it. And she likes us because we're in it with a lot of bigger enterprises and moving quickly through them, considering.
So and I don't want to like say anything negative about or anything, but they were the one who I when I first heard of all of this and I saw their marketing, was like control tower for legal.
What the is that? What does that mean? That sounds impossible. Like controlling legal is hard. You know, Eagle is an in-house law firm.
There's like 27 different practice areas. They're not even all incentivized to use the same system or way of doing things or tools, even though they're limited to enterprise tools.
But anyway, I've been skeptical of their product, and then I just kind of heard an earful from her on it.
But I don't know. They may have more ARR than me, so who am I to judge?
@25:26 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I like the, like, announcing that she's joining ContractsLay. I think that would be really good, especially because she is also a, like, well-known figure in the space.
And so maybe the structure, I'm thinking, could be, like, like, of, like, you kind of, like, welcome Jennifer kind of thing.
And then maybe talk a bit of history between you and her, and maybe potentially, like, what caught your attention, and maybe, like, some sort of personal traits about her that really inspired you.
@25:58 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah. And then also,
@26:00 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What her role would be in Contracts of AI, and then, yeah, we can go from there. Great.
@26:08 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah. I had the opportunity to be at a trade show recently where I was attending and sponsoring, as was her former company.
She was representing the company, and I first noticed her on stage moderating a panel. And my first reaction was, who is this really smart and polished woman?
I like her. Who is she? Intrigue. Who is she in the industry? I haven't seen her, and I was, the conversation was really interesting and just well-mounted.
It looked, compared to some of the other panels especially, it was quality. There was a quality there. So I was like, huh.
And then later in the day, like after my presentation, presentation. And she came up to me and said, hey, that was a great presentation.
I really liked your slides. Like, they were really well done. And I was like, oh, that tells me that she's into a certain kind of clarity, information design, getting to the point, and narrative.
And I said to her, oh, those are very, like, media company slides. Like, I worked at Spotify, Netflix, and I had to learn a certain kind of story arcing in all of my presentations.
To engage this very fast and furious audience of my stakeholders in those companies. Things are moving so fast in those companies that you have to just step in and be like, bing, bang, bing, in this very certain narrative way, this particular way.
And so she noticed that, and I was like, oh, cool. She noticed something that is, like, I think a real differentiator in my communications.
And then we were, like, kind of thrown together at the happy hour at the end of the day. And we got chatting.
Chatting with some peers, etc. And as that wound down, she's like, what are you doing tonight? Because we both were New Yorkers.
And I was like, I don't know, I'm going to see what's going on. There's got to be an after event somewhere.
There always is. And so we turned and we look at this group gathering and putting their coat on. And we're like, hey, I was like, hey, what are you guys doing?
Where are you going? Oh, no, she asked. She's very forward with people. She's like, hey, where are you guys headed?
What are you up to? And this group of attendees was like, oh, we're going to the checkbox dinner. And I was like, oh, I know checkbox.
I'm going to invite us to that dinner. Let's crash it. And she's like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. And I'm like, no, no, no.
Like, this is what I do. I crash things. And I invite myself to everything. And I show up and I'm kind and I have fun with people.
And it's usually a great night. And so we showed up and I said, hey, like checkbox guys, can we crash your dinner?
We would just love to spend time. And we're huge fans of your product. And those guys were like, yes, please, by all means.
So we go to the dinner. She sits down there. I sit down there. So we're not next to one another.
And I noticed all night that that half of the table where she was sitting, they were having a really good time.
And I just watched how she connected with people. She was present. And she conducted really meaningful convo and conversation.
Like, just people connecting over social and fun stuff. And I watched her do that with this great group of people.
And I was like, that's where the party's at. And I came away and I came back to my co-founders and said, hey, and my wife, too.
I said, I met this woman and I just have a feeling that we have to work together one day.
And that's a very clear feeling I had. And I told them all that. Yeah. So it's like, how. She presented herself, how she presented to customers, how she made me feel when we were just chit-chatting after the event, her curiosity, her warmth, and like that side of the table had a good time and like just felt like a part of a fun thing all night.
And we're selling software here and we're building relationships and we're trying to show them value. Those are very important traits and I like seeing a person out there, especially a woman, just like giving it her all to just make all of that happen.
And for the first, like I had this feeling that I was like, oh my God, I want that in our company because I'm doing that to an extent now and I can't do it exclusively and only forever.
It's hard for me to do that with every single customer and do all the CEO stuff.
@30:52 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What's, did you have like a formal like interview process and then was there anything that kind of piqued your interest on that?
Like maybe a question. She's asked or just maybe how deeply she's like in the in the field.
@31:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, we got to know one another just over like we have coffee back in New York. Like we did we we'd like texted a little bit.
It was really when she made a decision that she was going to leave Sandstone. It just wasn't a match all around there.
And I mean, this is between you and I and not for the story. But like I pushed in with Sandstone leader guy and I was like, hey, like you're crushing.
You're like superstarring with everything. Congrats. I need to see your product because I get asked for a lot of adjacent products that I can recommend into their stack as they're solving for it all in an AI modular way.
And I'm like, need to know what you do. And if it's cool and I understand it, I will recommend you to deals.
And I would hope the same from them. And so I pushed in with Nick and Nick and I like made a quick meeting for me to like, and I was like, I'll come over because I'm in New York.
And I went to the office, met him formally, got to really sit with him and hear his vision and how he really thinks and what he's going for.
And then he showed me the product and I understood it very clearly right away. So I thought that was a very cool, favorable thing.
And like, I plussed him into a Fortune 500 deal later. And then, like, the idea was, like, after that meeting with him, if she's in the office, we'll go grab a coffee or something and say hi, since I met her in Florida.
And we did the coffee and we went for a walk around whatever that neighborhood. And on the walk, I just like to a little while in, I said.
Like, hey, how's it going over there? Like, I'm just checking in with you. Are you good? Are you happy?
Because I have a feeling. And, well, I didn't say I have a feeling. I was like, how are things over there?
Is it working out for you? You're at that, like, three-month part. That's when we always kind of start to know or not.
And she stopped walking and she paused and she looked like this and was figuring out what to say. And I just said to her, like, oh, got it.
Like, maybe you don't have to say anything else if you don't want to. And she basically confided in me that it's not working for a number of reasons.
And she wants to enterprise deal hunt and they're not exactly set up to do that there. They're like maybe going for mid-market and the product is like, the product narrative is kind of all over the place too.
And she's not getting the support she needs for enterprise deals. And I was like, that's a bummer. And we just got talking from there.
And I said, look, it's really weird for me because I'm over. I'm with Nick, like, with the best intentions here, and I'm not going to be a creep, and I'm not going to poach you.
I said to her, if this doesn't work out, and you wanted to talk down the road, like, I just have a feeling about you.
I think that we could work well together. And she goes, oh, wow, good to know. And I'm like, we're moving on things.
Like, we're in a different stage than $10 million in the bank from Sequoia. But we're certainly moving. And I told her, like, our first five logos that we're going to close.
And she was like, whoa, those are really big logos. I'm like, yeah. So kind of left it at that.
And, like, a couple weeks later, she called and said, hey, I'm going to leave Sandstone. And then this is all between you and I still, like, and then Nick even called me and was like, hey, so I just want to let you know, like, we're parting ways.
It's mutual. Just it wasn't the best fit for go-to-market. All good. We think she's a great person. I heard she's talking to you.
Great. We want to see your land. He's like, if she worked with you, cool. Like, he kind of gave the blessing was my feeling.
And I was like, cool. And he said what he thought, why he thought it didn't work out. And I was like, cool, good facts.
Good to know. And we went from there. And so the interview process started like a week later, probably like days later, where we just started talking.
the interview process is more about a match than it was me asking a million questions. I was like, what do you want?
Yeah, was like, what do you want? What are you working on? What's your style? Who, what are your like contacts?
Like, you have to see the product and even look at it and see if it's a product you can, you can stand on and sell.
And so we just went into like a lot of conversation about what she wants, what's important to her, what we need.
I kept saying where I'm at, where we're at and what we need next and how I, what I can't keep up with anymore.
And, and we were trying to find the match. To all of that. And there was a strong match. Her role is going to be legal and commercial officer.
So she can oversee any of our contracts, paper, contracting, templates, which would be wonderful to have that skill set.
ACTION ITEM: Get selfie w/ Jennifer; send to Osman for LinkedIn post - WATCH
She's a lawyer. She went to law school and worked at a firm. And then the commercial side is sales, go-to-market, hunting deals, closing them.
@36:33 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Cool. Awesome. Did you have a picture with her when you grabbed the coffee? If not, totally cool, but just that would be a good addition to the post.
No, but I can get it.
@36:45 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I can get one between now and whenever. Yeah, yeah.
@36:49 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Or it could just be a picture of her that we could make if you don't have time for that.
@36:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
What's stronger, do you think? Like a selfie or like a posed picture?
@37:00 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Uh, as in with you in it or just with her?
@37:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, like what would be a stronger post?
@37:10 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I think it would be you and her, like welcoming. I think that would be like a really good one.
@37:17 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Great. I think I should get that then. She was supposed to actually be in my office today, but she wasn't feeling well.
She has the cold that I had last week, so I might see her tomorrow in the office or I could just like, she lives not too far.
I could always just run over and grab a selfie and I think it would be worth it if you tell me it's worth it.
Like I know the power of sometimes a really casual but nice selfie. The Algo seems to really like that.
@37:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, and it just seems more welcoming that you're, you know, meeting in person and you're like building something together.
So that would be good. Will she also make a post on her profile as well? She will.
@38:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, if I ask her to, she will. Yeah.
@38:05 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, cool. Any updates on the Claude for Word feature? Because I remember that was something that was quite big that you wanted to announce.
Yeah.
@38:22 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I sat through a webinar today watching Claude for Legal demo, and I haven't gotten super far on the Word plugin to have an opinion here.
Like, I just got it working a little while ago.
@38:57 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Is this all, like, a feature within? I Contracts.ai, or is this like a Claude for Word as a whole?
@39:05 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
This is Claude's, Anthropic put out a product called Cowork, and now they're putting out sort of specialized Coworks for different verticals, and they put out Claude Legal.
And Legal, you can bring it in to Microsoft Word and sit in there and basically have the Claude window next to your Word document.
I'll just like show you. have this open. I just got it to work a little while ago with my Claude license.
Oh, yeah.
@39:44 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Nice. like your Word is all dark mode. Yeah, everything is dark mode.
@39:52 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So, yeah, you can have Claude right alongside your work product. And with Claude Cowork, which I don't know if that's this or not.
I don't really understand, like, do I have to do additional installations for Cowork or not? I don't know. I think so.
@40:16 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I think that button just to activate or open that tab. Yeah.
@40:20 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So I sat through the webinar and it was like they talked about doing contract review, privacy assessments with this tool, litigation support, patent prioritization.
And then they went into, like, what to me felt like a very squirrely demo of how you can use Claude Cowork at work to prepare for your two o'clock meeting as a litigator, prepare a brief for a meeting.
And it can go into your Gmail and into your this and into your G drive and find the context.
that's it. Really helped, like, do the first draft of that with all the relevant context. So they explicitly said it does not work on its own out of the box.
It needs to be, they didn't say trained up, but it needs to be, like, loaded with precedent, with skills, with documents that are risk profiles and corporate policies, etc.
And that was a bit of a red flag to me, which said, signaled to me, is this a tool or webinar for legal end users or the people that engineer for them?
@41:41 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I don't know.
@41:42 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And because it seems quite technical to get everything loaded in, in order for it to work as if it's your, like, associate person and calendaring person and research person.
But, I mean... It promise for sure. It holds promise. So like, don't even know what is this doing right now.
It's like, well, it takes forever, by the way. I kind of even, it's still like creating an NDA agreement.
Yeah. So the idea is like with Claude Cowork, I would have my NDA agreement playbook already uploaded and examples of a couple of executed NDAs and pointed at all of that as like a basis for helping me.
And then it can, then it can do anything. So I think, I don't know. I don't know if I have enough of an opinion yet to like.
Okay.
@42:59 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
All right. Yeah. To know, like, either direction.
@43:02 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
My first take was, wow, are the products that people would call wrappers, GPT or Claude Wrappers, my first thought was, are they in trouble?
Because this is, this is like, this is doing something. This is doing something that some of them do. I thought about GCAI.
thought about Sandstone. know, Sandstone is like, connect to a bunch of your work systems, the agents crawl them for all the context, and they bring all the context to the fingertips of the lawyer looking things up, or the person in the business that needs to ask a question of legal.
I think co-work can do that. I think co-work can do it, because that's like the tech promise of this, all of this technology.
You do need tech people to connect. All of this up and enable the connections. I just like, do not, I have, it could be, yeah.
And then they could, if it's in a legal department, yeah, it would be legal ops. And they could partner in, tap in like your partners who are like your tech people, your IT or your security or your builder types.
Or maybe like they rely on Sandstone's tech resources to do all the connecting. Maybe it's just API connecting. I just like, can't, I can't believe that Sandstone, like that product is going to like blow up.
It doesn't make sense to me. And legal people are so difficult to put big central solutions around. They're easy to give solutions to do their work.
But to centralize their work and the knowledge of is very difficult. And if this can do it, our company is just going to connect everything up to this.
Or is the enterprise going to run the project and help give all the connections for legal co-work to work?
Maybe.
@45:21 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay. Any new feature updates on context.ai side things? Because we're thinking, like, if there are new releases, we're to two or three weeks.
@45:40 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, we, I have a call in eight minutes. Okay, we localized into a few languages, though we're available. Our platform supports...
Contracts and prompting in 80 languages.
@46:05 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay.
@46:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah. And we localized the software for like eight or nine languages.
@46:18 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Wow. Okay. Yeah.
@46:20 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And so I saw the entire software yesterday, like operating in like German or French and French. And I was like, wow, different.
And it was just, it's something when you see something in a different language. It's like, oh, could this software like be theirs?
Could it work in their business culture and their company? Would they want it in the native language? I know a lot of companies cut over to English, but many have to operate in dual mode.
And would this be valuable to them that we have a hunch that it would be? So customers are asking for it also.
Like our global customers want the ability to look into their contract base and ask questions across it, regardless of what language it's drafted in.
So we solved for that. And while we were at it, were like, let's just add 79 more languages. Okay.
@47:23 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Cool. CLMs don't do that, by the way.
@47:26 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
CLMs don't localize and handle all the language stuff like in the beginning. That tends to come way later, if at all.
@47:36 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What made you guys just like to do it so early then?
@47:43 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
We are architecting everything from the beginning for scale. That's just how we think. We take the time in the architecture to like know all the advanced places this can go and make sure the architecture.
It's like ready for it now. One of my startup friends actually said to me recently, he gave me that advice.
He's like almost two years into his startup journey. Maybe they're at a Series A. And he said, think about these things now, because if you don't and you're just adding code on kind of haphazardly at the customer request, one day you will go to Localize and you will look at your infrastructure and go, ah, it's not set up to do this.
We have to like take it down and then build it back up. And so, I don't know, that's just like how my co-founder thinks.
He thinks in future scale and designs as such. And so a customer was asking about how do we handle our European counterparts and customers and their contracts.
And he just decided, well, if the architecture's there, coding this isn't that big of a deal on top of it.
So he put it in. Okay.
@48:56 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay. Um, we have five minutes. Okay. Um. Could you run through the five to seven point solution real quick?
Yeah. wanted to kind of understand the stance of, and I guess the direction of the post. Because I think this could be something really, really valuable.
I'm just trying to figure out like how to frame it.
@49:17 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah. So I'll show you here. So let me just do like, oops. So at every company.
@49:41 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, I'll design this afterwards. Um, no, know I'm not doing, I'm not doing this for design.
@49:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
It's for the talk. So, so, uh, is my screen shared and you see the slides. Yeah. Oh yeah.
@49:54 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah. I've shared the screen. Yeah.
@49:56 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So I drew you like all of these. So. But to give you the context on this, when I devised the strategy and the scorecard and all of the strategy from the scorecard analysis at Netflix, I was like, okay, so we have a lot to solve for in the contracts space.
And that could be any number of things. I heard pain points in all of these areas, serious ones. And so I wrote them out as the pain points that they were and talked about kind of from a first principles perspective, like what is the thing that solves for that pain, that problem?
I don't just come in and start waving CLM and try to cram everything into like a solution named and defined by a company, like a SaaS company.
So some people, some people will be sold the CLM and the CLM will say they do all one, two, three, four, five, six, seven of these things, of these things.
And from the beginning, I was like, I just never subscribed to that kind of thinking. I took a more first principles approach and was like, okay, let's get the best intake software and so on for each of these use cases.
I had to do a lot of understanding of what is already existing at the company, work with that, and then go forward from there.
And then the key thing in legal departments is when you're talking about the world of contracting and the up to like seven different modes that you can put a contract through from its life cycle start to end, is while it all depends, the combo of these needed by the person, the customer, the stakeholder, it all depends on this.
This is the like key, the magic key is the contract type. What is the contract type? Is it a master services agreement, which is a vendor agreement?
That's a buy side agreement for like our Slack instance. Is it a, we're selling. Selling widgets? Is it where signing Bradley Cooper to a producer-film-actor deal?
Contract type. Spotify had 350 to 400 types. And someone in the comments thought that was overwhelming. Netflix had 1,200 types of contracts.
And so we would take and bundle the types together and go, okay, are these content? How do they move?
What's their intake? They prefer email, then they go to a spreadsheet? Great. Can we move them across the workflow?
Do they need approval and all of that? No. Skip this. Content agreements like to start, go from email to doc management.
And then once they're in doc management, they might draw in the playbook or drafting. Cool. Manually. Oh, in that intermediate phase I was in, in the scorecard.
What if we brought this solution online, a template software, drafting software? So now we try to hover both of these.
And so that means right now what I just described for content agreements, which is like, I don't know, call it 600 of those 1200.
Now I just identified a path that's this, that was this to start, that was this to get it to SIG, and this eventually.
That was like the starting point. And then year two or three was some, they really wanted stuff in this realm, and they really needed some stuff in this realm.
So in year three, I brought on a solution that did, oops, that did that, and then that did that.
And all of these were for the most part, different point solutions that I called the contract solution strategy. So this was for a content contract.
And then when I did this for, I mean, I literally, we met. Fathom is out for $1,200. When we did these for, I don't know, like a background, what were they called?
A below-the-line contract. No, that's a bad example. Oh, just here, here's a simple, an NDA. All NDAs at the company were only this.
Were intake, were doc-genned, and were e-cigged and filed. Here, I'll finish this, and you will get it really quickly.
For the love of God.
@54:48 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I saw you added, like, checkbox.ai for, let's say, doc-gen. Did you also want to add, like, the tools that you use for each of these?
I don't, because I hate them all.
@55:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I don't plug anyone anymore unless they're cool to me. Okay, okay. So checkbox is an example of, and it's okay if I'm like a second late to this meeting because I want you to have something concrete.
So the NDA moved this way in a different flow, same e-cig, same eventual landing place, but a different combo and constellation of these tools.
And so that's what we would do. We would map the contract type across the seven or so options and go, what's the best way?
How does this move across the enterprise? Where does it start and where does it end? They don't all start and end in the same place.
And you cannot be simplistic and go, everything must wind up in one repository. That's just not how it worked inside Netflix.
were thousands of contracts going to an external repository for external productions that was not AI. That was like... Something else.
So we helped move contracts into them with the workflow. So everything, anyone who buys, I mean, smaller companies, smaller contract types, five-person legal departments, or 50-person, everything has a different level of maturity and complexity and number of types.
I worked in mammoth places with lots of types and unique movement across the enterprise. was hard to get them all.
And quite often, they wind up with multi-repositories. And that's like, for me, I'm like, who am I to say they can't do that?
Like, these guys might get their own. So I solved in terms of the concept. I did not buy one solution and try to hand jam all types into that.
They just wouldn't have moved that way. Okay, amazing.
@56:50 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I guess this is pretty concrete. Great. Okay. Okay, cool.
@56:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Um, I will work on getting a photo. And then you will We'll send drafts later at the end of the week.
yeah. And then with the draft I write up with Jen , I'm going to, can you flip that to a GDoc?
Because I need to share it with her and get input. Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
@57:17 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Great.
@57:18 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
If we could just do that one in the GDoc and I'll get her input pretty quickly. And then in terms of her doing a post, what do you recommend, like, do you recommend, like, we not do them at the same time?
ACTION ITEM: Draft bullet-point structure for Jennifer's LinkedIn announcement; send to Jenn - WATCH
I tend to not do posts at the exact same moment and cannibalize. Should we stagger them by a day?
@57:38 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
It would just be, like, day, yeah. So I can also send through, like, a structure of the posts that she could be making just to give us some, like, bullet points.
Please Yeah.
@57:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Please do. Yeah, let's do that all in one doc. Cool. Awesome.
@57:50 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Osman, thank you so much.
@57:51 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
This is awesome. Bye, Jen.
@57:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 13 transcript.docx ===
Jenn McCarron (00:00.138)
and sick. So getting better here.
Osman (00:05.758)
Hmm. Definitely need to look after your body.
Jenn McCarron (00:08.436)
And, yeah, yeah, totally. And well, I blame Funny. He went on vacation and I got very stressed. So I also said as his boss, he's never allowed to leave his desk for four more years. Or until series C. Series C, he could leave his desk.
Osman (00:15.034)
You
Osman (00:22.89)
Good master.
Jenn McCarron (00:25.952)
Yeah, exactly. But you know, in the last week to two, just being sick and then having a lot of things at once, it definitely impaired my judgment on that LinkedIn post. interesting responses and I'm never writing about controversial people again.
Osman (00:43.56)
Yeah, I think I did not expect that with Elon Musk as well, apparently people have a lot of opinions about him.
Jenn McCarron (00:48.586)
Yeah. People have, and it goes political right away because he went political and I forget that I'm just really in love with his bank account and my stock portfolio involving his company's stock. So I sometimes just look at everything through the lens of capitalism and I forget that other people look at all more, more. So learned and it was only up for.
Osman (01:01.864)
Ha!
Osman (01:12.722)
Hmm.
Jenn McCarron (01:16.128)
eight hours and it had very low reach. had a thousand impressions or something. So I take that to mean few saw it.
Osman (01:16.542)
Yeah, I think... Yeah.
Osman (01:24.914)
Yeah. But on the other hand, the Jennifer Poon announcement posts went pretty well, both yours and on her profile as well. I think her profile got like a hundred or something likes.
Jenn McCarron (01:34.732)
Yeah, she said she
Yeah, she said she got over 100 engagements. And did we hit 20K? I thought we were on the road.
Osman (01:46.316)
Almost.
Jenn McCarron (01:49.614)
Yeah, we're about to hit 20k on that which is exciting and then Even yesterday. wow, even my I'm going to clock and my story of every clock I've been to and all my roles and what this means that did alright for just a Pull it together graphic
Osman (02:04.362)
Mmm.
Jenn McCarron (02:12.096)
and post.
Osman (02:13.544)
Yeah, yeah, I saw you made like two posts and then you deleted one. Was that right? okay.
Jenn McCarron (02:18.252)
It was an accident. is what happens when I'm going all the time. I think I meant to schedule one week later. So I noticed 40 minutes in that two were up, so I pulled one back.
Osman (02:33.258)
okay. I thought you were trying to test out something or you just had two.
Jenn McCarron (02:36.942)
That would be testing my stupidity like to put two posts up and as soon as I took the second one down the other one went just had a lot more activity going
Osman (02:45.866)
Okay, okay, Amazing. was hoping we could do like spend just like three to five minutes before session doing quick testimony if you're okay with that.
Jenn McCarron (02:59.414)
Yeah, let's do that. I was gonna even say let's do that first so you have it and there's no...
Osman (03:05.97)
Amazing
Jenn McCarron (03:06.158)
There's no more delay. Oh yeah. Yeah. We're going to hit 20 K on the gen poon announcement today. We're at 19. I think 20 K is pretty awesome for 48 hours and um, just, it's just, it's awesome. And it's actually a huge signal to our customers and future customers that there is momentum here and that we're expanding and expanding smartly.
Osman (03:12.595)
Nice.
Osman (03:17.502)
Yeah.
Osman (03:35.658)
Mmm. And like...
Jenn McCarron (03:36.398)
A couple of our customers were asking, you we're getting a lot of calls and they're bigger companies and they're like, are you ready for this? Are you funded? Are you scaling? Who else is it besides you two? It can't just be me and my co-founder. And I'm like, we're hiring this wonderful person now. And it really means like when we're talking to Cisco, that level size of company, it's meaningful for them to hear because they want trust that we're going to be there.
Osman (04:05.77)
Yeah, I think headcount still matters a bit for these bigger companies. Cool. So just a few questions. Kind of wanted to kind of roll back a few months ago. Like what made you decide to work with me? I'm actually very curious as well.
Jenn McCarron (04:27.538)
yeah, I was actually just thinking about this. Wait, hang on, I'm pulling something up that prompted it. I was just digging through my DMs on LinkedIn. God, LinkedIn's such a trash bin sometimes.
I'm like searching for you in my DMs and you're not coming up. Why?
Osman (04:56.65)
Jenn McCarron (04:58.542)
That was the moment you cut through. Hang on.
Jenn McCarron (05:06.755)
There you are.
Jenn McCarron (05:10.688)
You messaged me.
in December and you said, saw your philosophy on creativity being the skill that powers leadership transformation. Couldn't help but reach out. You checked out my profile. You noticed my posts were killer. Thank you. I worked my ass off on those. So you both flattered me and on something I worked on really a lot. You highlighted that as exceptional and you look at this stuff for a living.
And you caught me in a moment of my LinkedIn history where I was in a lull of posting intentionally. I pulled it back. I pulled my whole strategy back, fired my publicist, but kindly, I loved them. They were really awesome. like, I just literally have nothing to say. So I only put up an occasional post.
just to keep things kind of warm, but I was even struggling with that. And so you caught me in a lull, timing, flattery. You validated something, not only that I wrote that was good, but you drew out a thread that I really care a lot about in leadership and transformative work, all this tech stuff, you're transforming people's workflows, et cetera. You called out creativity. And when someone recognizes that as like secret sauce, I can...
I feel like we can be partners because you understand therefore me and how I operate and approach problem solving. And then I wrote you back and I was like, you were like, you have, you could drive inbound with ICP on LinkedIn. And I was like, I'm on hiatus. I'm busy. And then I looked at your profile anyway. I have to tell you those, that yellow background really helps with the, you guys of the world. There's like a.
Jenn McCarron (07:02.05)
Do know there's like a batch of you guys that are like these growth marketer, like brilliant social digital marketer people, and you all have these yellow backgrounds. I sometimes wonder, is this a secret society?
Osman (07:02.762)
of
Osman (07:15.946)
No, it's not.
Jenn McCarron (07:18.606)
Yeah, well, that really like makes made you stand out and like your face and like good energy. And so I wrote you I'm on hiatus. We'll ramp back up. Basically leave me alone. And then I clicked on your profile and I went, never mind. We should chat because I saw what someone like you does. You partner with someone like me. You help draw out narrative story.
and you help build the engine or the structure of. And that's the formula for me and I always need the most help with the engine. Like no one can do the engine alone at a quality and a caliber. And after we met and we talked and I kind of grilled you a little bit like, I was like, hey, I'm from New York, high media quotient, high communications quotient here.
we're not just going to do chat GPT and Claude written posts. Like we're going to do narrative, right? And you were like, right. And that you had me at narrative because that's what people engage with and hook onto emotionally. And you, we shared the same vision of you create a story, founder led voice driven story, and you put it out there and your story is in people's heads way before they're ready to buy. They're just thinking about their own problems.
And then when they're ready and their cycle is up, you're in their head. And you taught me that. I knew that, like intuitively, you showed that to me in like words and a framework and a whole model. So yeah, that's why I engaged with you.
Osman (08:58.056)
Wow. I didn't know that had such an impact. I'm kind of like shocked right now as well.
Jenn McCarron (09:04.46)
Yeah, it's having a huge impact because I'll tell you, A, I love working with you, you're a very wonderful partner. B, when I tell a story or a thing, I watch you step back and look up and find it and shape it and go, that, let's go here and that. You try everything, you're willing to fail. But then C, as you told me would and could happen,
People are coming to me that are not even connected, customers, potential customers. They're hearing about the solution, the product feature, the narrative two or three degrees out from my connections and reaching out with urgency and saying, saw that I've been reading about you on LinkedIn, I've been reading about the product, been following along with the product, it's both. There's a lot of, I've been reading about the product and then sometimes there's like,
I've known you in the industry for years and now plus the product equals we must talk.
A GC got on the phone with me the other day at a major company and she said, I've never seen her or her in my life and she said, hi, I trust you. Like opening words, I feel like I know you, I've been following along and I trust what you say. And I was like, great. Wow, so it's working, it's working on all levels.
Osman (10:22.036)
Wow.
Osman (10:30.474)
You
amazing. How would you, I guess, describe your experience since working together?
Osman (10:44.004)
And was there anything that was different from your expectations or was it kind of what you expected?
Jenn McCarron (10:50.636)
Yeah. Yeah, since working together, I feel pulled. The LinkedIn strategy is working out in front of me and I'm being pulled forward into it, which is the best way to be managing many things as a CEO. Before you reached out, I was pushing and I couldn't push on this and also push on...
what the customers need in demos, calls, implementations, et cetera. And so when I'm pulled and the structure is there and there's momentum happening, it becomes frictionless for me to do this. It becomes exciting. It's a really fun escape once a week to go into story mode with you. And we both are looking up and drawing in themes and narratives and understanding what's going on right now.
And I couldn't do that alone. need creative partners. So it feels like a creative partnership. I'm led. And the momentum is happening so much. There's momentum in the LinkedIn posting where every single person I meet with speak with, whether I know them or they're brand new, they mention my LinkedIn because they're having an interaction with me. And that's the ultimate goal, right? Of what we're building together with this go-to-market strategy, this voice-led LinkedIn work.
It's it's in their heads and I'm having a dialogue with them and people will get on a call or off coffee and they'll be like, I loved your LinkedIn post and I have to say which one because there are there are so many and What what like and what a moment like it's so abundant like there's so much dialogue going on that people are engaging with all different slices of it so and and
Osman (12:26.846)
Ha.
Jenn McCarron (12:39.882)
Also what we've fostered together is another new signal to study in terms of product, product, narrative. Where the pain point is in this software problem space right now, we're like throwing darts and trying to hit it. And so it's really fun. I've had a lot of fun doing that too.
Osman (13:03.886)
awesome. Yeah, because I think for one, are definitely someone who has like a lot of creative juice and just a lot of ideas flowing and just really, really fun to work with as well. So I've really, really enjoyed working together. What would you, what did you find like the most valuable about working together? Was there specific things like maybe...
Jenn McCarron (13:16.258)
Thank you.
same.
Jenn McCarron (13:26.198)
Yes, the most valuable thing is when you say no, actually. Because I'm a person of a lot of ideas and there are a lot of lanes of things I do and then there's a couple of personas, right, of me or my creativity or the modes that I've worked in and work and in creative in the past. You have been a really good limiter.
So like, I don't know if you know what a limiter is in music production, but it's this, it's like a piece of hardware and you like run everything into it and get this global way of turning the volume up or down, but it's limiting things. It's like packing the sound space more densely with what's important and like densifying a limited sound spectrum. And then,
because you can bring the volume up and densify that space, it's a lot better. It's sonically better. It can be heard by all. It's like competitive with other songs and sound, et cetera. All music on the radio and on Spotify gets like limited, like plus three decibels at least. Otherwise everything's just like down here and like runnier. And you have been a great limiter for me in that you've literally told me, no, you shouldn't talk about that.
Osman (14:43.068)
Mmm.
Jenn McCarron (14:54.036)
No, if it's not about selling the software, let's leave it out of the LinkedIn strategy. It's like so cool that you've been a musician and doing scoring films or making YouTube videos, but who cares? Let's leave it out. And I need those because I sometimes just see everything and I'm in a creative matrix and I want to talk about too much and you have brought that in. So constraints limiting has made a really good version one opening.
What have we been doing this three months?
Osman (15:27.06)
Just. Yes, just three months.
Jenn McCarron (15:29.376)
Yeah, so it's been a great version one of our strategy. And because of those limits, you study the audience in a more concentrated way and how they engage. And then you have really concrete levers to play with, which is great. I need that structure and constraining. And you're good at that because you're pro at knowing focus strategy, which strategy is
more about what you don't do than sometimes what you do and you've been really good at keeping it here for me.
Osman (15:59.275)
you
Osman (16:03.69)
Thank you so much. Yeah, I think like just especially with everyone so busy, you can only know a few things about a person. And so what is the one to two or three things that you want people to know about you? And yeah, and especially since we're talking to strangers or people who don't know who you are, like they may or may not care certain things. So yeah, it's quite important.
Jenn McCarron (16:26.272)
Yeah, it's, we like, normal people invert that. They think sometimes it's the other way around and a LinkedIn post or YouTube video or a message on like a Facebook is just about like verbal vomiting of everything. Because there's so much info and because we're all so dynamic and have so many thoughts or things going on that we should like say all the detail of everything ever.
Osman (16:47.166)
Ha!
Jenn McCarron (16:56.716)
And I struggle with that. I'm like off the charts on the expressive scale. I am like in the top 1 % of I need to express. And it's both amazing and annoying. It's annoying as hell. But when I, I think it's a superpower, but like all superpowers, you have to know when to use it, when to constrain it. And...
Osman (17:04.426)
That's what
Osman (17:12.402)
No, I think that's your superpower.
Hmm.
Jenn McCarron (17:24.994)
Et cetera. I think like partnering with you, your style of focus strategy and keeping the product upfront has helped me dial in the strategy to really, A, serve the product narrative and B, right in a way that is not about me, it's about them. And I learned that on YouTube.
And it took a lot of videos to get to a place on YouTube where I was like, my God, this isn't about me. It's about them and every word being put in the next to the next word, next to the next word into a hook into an offering so that they get something out of this. Who cares about me? And I think working with you in this new LinkedIn strategy has shown me that a bit of my last LinkedIn strategy was a lot more about me.
But I wasn't selling software. So there was a little more room for that and maybe that works then.
Jenn McCarron (18:28.096)
I've worked with another publicist and working with you is not publicity. Working and they've helped to like craft a lot of the posts. And a lot of them were like fit for the time as an in-house person, but they were emptier in some ways. And this feels really like narrative, like driven from my emotional observations in.
Osman (18:28.202)
Yeah, good.
Jenn McCarron (18:55.978)
in the work I've done on the customer's side and now being in this side. So I feel like you're really good at drawing that out. And the weekly approach, I think, is the smartest part of all of this because you stay current and you're listening to my voice through a high-end mic. I do this on purpose so that you can get it rich and maybe create faster, et cetera.
Osman (19:23.69)
Yeah, love the, like everything that I create or want to create is always based on lived experiences because that's what helps us stand out and make you who you like uniquely use as well because not a lot of like almost no one has your experience and your background to be able to say things so specific and so detailed. And yeah, like spreading those insights is, you know, what makes you stand out and what makes you do well.
But it's tough to replicate. That's why building a brand is tough because not everyone can say things that you say.
Jenn McCarron (19:55.906)
Yeah, it's tough. Not everyone is as expressive. Or like I know a lot of people who just get in their head about and start like monitoring what comes out of their mouth in this way, then they get tripped up because they're like, and it's very hard to work through that phase of expressing. That's like.
Osman (19:59.211)
Mm.
Jenn McCarron (20:17.344)
Early years when I would write a song, the first lyrics I would come out, I would just start inner judge hating and judging what I'm writing. And now I'm just like, who cares? Because I've done it so many times.
Osman (20:30.418)
Would you be...
Jenn McCarron (20:32.866)
So yeah, I could imagine you work with some people who aren't as expressive or earlier in their journey of like putting it out into the narrative on a digital way that are just like choked up and they sound like corporate robots with you.
Osman (20:40.835)
yeah.
Osman (20:49.162)
I do work with a few like very technical founders and they know a lot of coding and everything. So they're very good at that side, but just the marketing and standing customers, it's very tough. Would you be able to kind of break down even just a high level? Like don't need to share everything just like maybe results since working together, whether it be like pipeline or just
Jenn McCarron (20:53.858)
Yeah, that too.
Jenn McCarron (21:02.05)
Yeah.
Osman (21:18.26)
people you've talked to or revenue generated, like, don't have to share it, like, things you don't want to
Jenn McCarron (21:23.394)
Yeah, absolutely. I wish I had the percentage. I don't. And my pipeline guru is not in my studio today. But anecdotally, I can say that I'll just say even in the last three weeks, four large enterprise leads have come into the pipeline and they do not know
Osman (21:49.887)
my gosh.
Jenn McCarron (21:50.818)
Yeah, and they do not know Jen from the past of my in-house career or any of that. Maybe never heard of me. One heard of me, so let's just say three. And said, and they weren't connected with me. And they didn't connect with me when they interacted with some post, whether it's the boosted ad we did on the Family Tree video or other. And they...
urgently got on my calendar. There was an urgency there. then I hear from 99 % of the people that get on my calendar into the pipeline, I hear at LinkedIn. LinkedIn is mentioned. I've seen something you said, something you said really resonated with me. I have one peer I've known for years in the industry, an in-house person doing legal ops and tech in Switzerland at a major, well, leave out Switzerland, but she's doing in-house.
Legal Ops at a global pharmaceutical company. And she keeps, she's been in my pipeline, but sometimes too busy or it's not the right moment to talk, but she keeps coming back and sending me signals going, my goodness, the stuff you are saying, I need to speak with you. And we're going to speak in Chicago when we're both at the same conference in two weeks. Another friend peer from
a major chip manufacturer, global company, had the same. I ran into him at a conference in New York and he was like, I have to talk to you. It's as if I've been diagnosing clinically the problem in his feeling set at work. And when they see me, they're like, I have to tell you everything. And that's really powerful. Those are powerful leads to me.
because there's a lot of trust and care and resonance and they know that I know the problem and therefore they're like, she must have a leg up on the solution. She's one of us. I mean, I was one of them. I was in house, but it's the last three months of narrative. They are having a dialogue with me. So when I see them, it's a continuation. It's not even a start. It's amazing.
Osman (24:11.101)
Wow. Yeah. And like, you don't have to do as much education. And as you mentioned, like, it's less of a push and more of a pull because they already know you. and something I learned when, like back when I was like working in marketing,
Jenn McCarron (24:20.842)
Exactly. And it's tough with this software. know, this software, sorry, I was just going to say, you know, the software is kind of a new category in between enterprise software. And so there is a big educational component. I'm finding demos need longer than I think, because they have to understand how it fits into the stack. That said, this is definitely doing some educating upfront on mass. Please, please continue. I cut you off.
Osman (24:32.178)
Mm-hmm.
Osman (24:48.765)
Hmm. I was going to say like a big lesson I learned when I was in house working in marketing was that the depth of how well you understand the problem of your customers is directly proportional to your success. I think that is such a good lesson. And I think that.
Jenn McCarron (25:07.106)
Dude, dude, I need to like, I need to put that on a sign that like rotates the letters like every on the eights of every hour. But that's like that's like gold right there. That is gold. We should write a post on that. Seriously.
Osman (25:24.745)
Mmm. Okay, yeah, let's do it.
Jenn McCarron (25:28.078)
I often compare and compare and despair a lot with other other startup founders and people who've like come in sooner or later and have more money in the bank than me or more momentum on the outside. And I'm like, what the hell? There's no way they know this problem deeper than me. It's just impossible. spent 12 years looking down the barrel of these problems like what?
Osman (25:55.283)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (25:56.948)
It's like what I stand on is A, all of that domain experience, but B, being a very like emotionally empathetic listener and being obsessed with the problem and how it's asked and how they pose questions.
Osman (26:09.405)
Awesome. One last question. If someone was watching this today and thinking about working with me, what would you say to them?
Jenn McCarron (26:24.981)
I would say.
Jenn McCarron (26:37.486)
Chances are your ICP is scrolling LinkedIn looking for community and answers to their work problems. And they all, we all want the same thing in life. We want to do well at work, know, do well for the company and add value and get promoted. And in order to get people's attention,
and work in there, especially amidst the AI slop, scroll that we're all seeing too. Partner with someone like Osman write human experienced narrative. We all have a unique story to package and put out there, but it's actually quite hard to storytell and package it on your own. know, every person who writes a book in this world that gets published into the mass market of literature,
They all have teams. They have teams to put those books together at the outline stage, the pitch stage, the manuscript stage, and especially the editing stage. Books go through five or six edits by other people before they go to the market. And so this is a creative partnership that I think your typical founder or corporate person is not gonna think that this is valuable. My founders didn't believe in it.
But I said, hey, there's 1.3 billion people sitting on LinkedIn looking for something. Let's give them something to look at that's valuable and that resonates with the problems they have at work achieving their goals and adding value to the company. So I think working with you is a great step forward in creating a, elevating your voice to reach them, to reach your customer and achieve all the things we want to achieve.
Osman (28:32.957)
Amazing. Thank you so much, Jen. Fairly, I really appreciate this.
Jenn McCarron (28:34.958)
You're welcome. Yeah.
Osman (28:39.603)
Cool, let's get into our session.
Jenn McCarron (28:41.688)
But can you do me a favor? Can you not help any of my competitors? I hate them. Can you not work with them? Yeah. I hate them. I want them to all die. Thank you. Thank you. Just kidding. I don't want anybody to die die.
Osman (28:46.697)
I
No worries. I will only help you, I promise.
Jenn McCarron (28:58.112)
No, but I'm joking. Like I'll always refer you to someone, but like at the same time, if you popped up with one of my competitors, I would be crestfallen.
And like, you know that they're not gonna be as cool as me.
Osman (29:10.633)
No. Yeah. Yeah, 100 % would not.
Jenn McCarron (29:14.958)
Yeah, you're gonna have to like pull their teeth out and their hair and split the hair. Okay, okay. Let's talk about other things.
Osman (29:24.295)
Cool. Any interesting conversations or insights over the last week you want to share?
Jenn McCarron (29:30.254)
Well, just seriously coming out of some of the things I said there, there a couple of insights were the LinkedIn interactivity with me and a GC I don't even know getting on the phone saying I trust you. I was like, what? And I got off the phone and said, we have them in the sale. We just have to hit every mark in this process. But I can tell emotionally that they were in, they understood it resonated and they want to go further.
And it's like such a major company.
Osman (30:01.513)
Mm.
Osman (30:06.429)
Would you want to write a post about your LinkedIn journey?
or not so much.
Jenn McCarron (30:15.79)
In some way, like I would want to if you think it'll help sell software. My only reluctance in writing about the LinkedIn journey is all these schmucky little startup founders are just gonna pin it to the wall and copy me and start writing pieces. Like sometimes, I see this sometimes with like founders who are in my circle, they'll put up a post. I'm like, what are you trying to be me? It's not an egoic way. In a literal like, I saw some guy who
Osman (30:33.513)
Hmm.
Osman (30:40.617)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (30:45.474)
Definitely takes every post I write and puts it into his clod and started with the After 15 years of working in the fortune 500. I'm like little bro. None of those companies were fortune 500 Okay
Osman (30:57.811)
haha
Jenn McCarron (31:03.19)
Okay, and also you were litigation paralegal. Get the fuck out of my face. Okay. So,
But they're, I don't know. What do you think? Is there value there? Is it on topic?
Osman (31:19.009)
I think the angle would just be more around how it's so important to build trust and that if you're like a, like a lawyer or something, like you wouldn't just buy something just by looking at the product. takes a lot of time educating and going to the conversation and talking with people. And I think that's the nature of LinkedIn. And I guess it's more around like why you're posting so much compared to like just
Jenn McCarron (31:26.552)
that.
Osman (31:48.231)
you know, treating it as like a like vanity kind of thing or trying to be popular. It's to kind of build that trust and speak to customers. think
Jenn McCarron (31:54.422)
Yeah, if it's about trust, absolutely, let's do it. And like how I do this as a first step in the trust building, but then it doesn't end here. And I'm not just going to then hire Jude Law and throw in like a pretty face or an A-list actor into it. It continues through every meeting, how I show up.
Osman (32:06.473)
Mmm.
Jenn McCarron (32:22.22)
with my co-founder, how I listen has to be so high, like high EQ and tuned in with them. And then how we go through the engagement if we sign, if we start implementing like, so this is the beginning of that where I'm trying to earn it from basically obscurity. A lot of these people don't know me. And,
Osman (32:44.566)
Mm. Yeah, yeah, exactly. It's more the authenticity.
Jenn McCarron (32:48.256)
It's cascading beyond, yeah, it's cascading beyond this clock halo network I've had, which is great. And I did a lot of trust building there for years. I was a leader in that space, considered a leader. I joke, I call it. I was the leader of the legal ops free world.
Osman (33:05.705)
What? Why the free world?
Jenn McCarron (33:09.952)
I just, it's like basically like the president of the United States is the leader of the free world. So I'm like, I was the president of the legal apps free world, which legal apps is like this big in the universe. So I was president of something very small, but very, community oriented. know, in, in the last five years, my contribution when I was in that thought leadership kind of a role, industry leadership role.
Osman (33:15.209)
Jenn McCarron (33:39.926)
I backed out of webinars. I killed doing most webinars as I think they're all drivel and they're barfy and they're run by corporate people and they're very flat and like kind of one dimensional. And I went into podcasting for clock. And so I went into podcasting and I'd bring on one to three guests and I insisted everything be in person for the most part. Live podcast so I can physically be with people.
and go into a deep combo and we would like get in and then take the elevator down and really look at things together and I'd lead them through this combo and then bring them back up and be like, thank you for being on the podcast today. And people really listened to that and started to trust in what was coming through the channel on that, Like info, value, I learned something I felt heard, I feel a part of, she understands. And so this is like a bit of a continuation of that for me.
Jenn McCarron (34:40.206)
because everybody podcasts now. Everybody podcasts, so I'm over it. I don't want to do it anymore. And even the other day, I did some guy's podcast, and he was like, let's talk about your journey. And I should have killed it. I should have killed it right there and been like, forget my journey. It doesn't matter. Who cares? Who's listening to my journey these days?
Osman (34:44.211)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (35:04.118)
These are like amateur podcast people and now everyone is a thought leader writing on LinkedIn. So we write from an authentic place that isn't AI slop. That's human experience. And then I'm actually toying with the idea of doing a live stream.
Osman (35:19.113)
Hmm.
Jenn McCarron (35:19.608)
I'm going to experiment actually. experimenting. just, I'm socially engineering another company to pay for it. So it might take a couple of weeks because I think it's going to be $3,000 to pull off, but I'm pretty good at socially engineering other people to pay for my shit. So, we might, I might experiment with that because that could, you can't script those and you can't fake them and you can't AI your way through them. And it's, it would be like on camera, interesting on the spot.
Osman (35:27.411)
haha
Osman (35:35.507)
Yeah.
Osman (35:42.153)
Mmm.
Jenn McCarron (35:48.61)
So we'll see. I'm really taken by TBPN and those guys and what they're doing.
Osman (35:55.412)
Okay, okay, awesome. Any new feature updates upcoming that you want to share?
Jenn McCarron (36:01.898)
yeah, yeah, so something's coming and it's going to change our product narrative and I'm eating a lot of my words. I said to a lot of customers and investors and people for the last five months, I'm avoiding pre-signature features. I don't want to go anywhere near pre-sig, drafting, redlining, and those like traditional CLM features. Then one customer asked,
Osman (36:10.37)
okay.
Jenn McCarron (36:28.5)
One customer asked for it and I was with her in person and I said, fuck it, let's build it. So we are building, cause that's actually the most important thing is how customers see the platform and what they want. Similar to what we said earlier, it doesn't matter what I think with the product. The product like base is there and now they have to come in and interact and reflect.
off me and say what they want and I build what they want. So they want that, many want it. So we built a, I mean, we started building the word add-on months ago, but we built redlining, drafting, comparing to precedent, comparing your redline or your draft to precedent and comparing, when you're drafting,
lawyer is drafting and they can just in the right pane right here be like show me these 10 contracts we did with Amazon in the past. Okay, all of them check check check Compare this draft to them and highlight the risks and differences and give me language suggestions based on them Go or compared to the five most recent NDA agreements go
It's a combined feature set that most aren't doing in this very saturated pre-sig market because most haven't solved the really hard computer science problem that we solved with vectorizing all the PDFs into data.
Osman (38:08.165)
so this is only possible with vectorization.
Jenn McCarron (38:11.05)
Yeah, yeah, which our platform does that, which makes us a cut above most of these platforms.
Osman (38:14.27)
Mm-hmm.
Jenn McCarron (38:20.434)
And now feed, what does it mean when you vectorize contract data? It means you can send it places fast and easily. It's not an easy thing to do though. And one of the places we're now able to send it is back to the draft in Microsoft Word or Google Chrome so that they can in where they're working have that at a high degree of accuracy.
and be able to redline. I don't know that many of today's products do that to the degree that we can because of how we've solved Postsig. So we're going to, it's in beta right now. We're starting to show people, we're refining and we're gonna launch and be pretty loud about it.
Osman (39:07.881)
Okay, okay. What would be like the timeline? Would it be like next, mid next month or next week or? Oh yeah. Okay. Cool. I'll keep that in mind.
Jenn McCarron (39:14.722)
Probably like next couple weeks. I think yeah and this this Hypothesis this should be a video Everyone does their word plug-in video Claude legal like it's almost competitive You have to put a video up for these feature sets and like we try to write a great Maybe we do the post first or whatever like you and I talked about doing but
Osman (39:36.477)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (39:43.032)
This has potential for video because it's huge. And this was a vision I had at Netflix that I tried to realize with another SaaS solution. And I left before it was realized.
Osman (39:50.757)
okay.
Osman (39:56.905)
you
Jenn McCarron (39:58.06)
Or no, I had to license two different software solutions to realize that vision. And I had this idea like, okay, the one that does executed precedent and turns it into data, I am going to integrate technologically with this one. So via integration, I'm gonna pull that into the Word plugin, or maybe they'll just have their own Word plugin. They still in 2026 don't have a Word plugin. I have a sort acquired by Workday.
the star of our post today, our price gouging. And then when I, I think I told you this, like I was with these two founders at a conference and I said, hey, I have this vision. And I drew it out on a napkin in a restaurant late at night. And we were at a table. I was like, I have this vision. I want their executed precedent to come into their application and their application to be able to look at it and go.
Osman (40:28.393)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (40:53.484)
Draft from precedent, draft from these 10 Amazon contracts, et cetera. And these two founders got into a fight, started arguing, and one tried to acquire the other on the spot and end it all. And he was like, who the fuck is this little company? I'll just buy them. And then he asked me to broker the acquisition. And he kept coming to me.
Osman (41:15.825)
you
Jenn McCarron (41:17.48)
the next day like you think five millions enough is eight million is seven million and then i'm going to the other founder like he wants to give you eight million dollars right now do you want it and then the other guy is yelling and i was like you know what fuck this and so i never realized the vision at netflix but the netflix lawyers taught me that's how they want to draft all in one window
Jenn McCarron (41:41.834)
and we're gonna have it, it's there now, we're just refining the flow, the features, we'll have the vision I had there in like six months of building it here, not even.
Osman (41:57.018)
Hmm. that's so clean. Yeah. AI will make things so much quicker and easier and faster.
Jenn McCarron (42:02.798)
Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know if it's a good place to plug Jen Poon in her contribution in coming in. Like before she even started, she was on that plugin, which was very like, it was like rough clay. It's like wet rough clay on the spinny thing. And she in like three days just went like this. It was like shoop and started like pulling it into shape, meeting with our engineers, vibe coding the UI to give that
in the requirement in the spec to the engineers. And boom, was all in. It was in the next day. think on her starting day, it was all in.
Osman (42:44.531)
Wow, she's already hitting the ground running.
Jenn McCarron (42:47.434)
Yeah, and she as as someone who was a lawyer and works in enterprise sales is legal tech sales is coming from the lawyer standpoint, she's having an emotional reaction to how useful this would have been in her role and knowing how lawyers emotionally want to work. And so to see the excitement of that in my office now and to have that validation is fast and huge. That means that
And we told our customer about it that we're implementing with yesterday in our week six, I think we're in, of our implementation, we're almost done. this legal ops woman is not a lawyer, she helps the lawyers with the tech and the ops and the workflows, was like this, like smiling, nodding, going, my God, what?
And she's like, we have to scope that in to the implementation. Like this phase after that next week, let's start bringing it in. We didn't even show it.
Osman (43:50.004)
Whoa. Now that is hopefully a sign of product market fit. Yeah. So you're going to clock May 11th, right?
Jenn McCarron (43:57.378)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (44:03.024)
yeah, I'm going to clock. and wait, before we talk about that, when did I, we spoke last week. I signed another enterprise. I signed another company. Let me bury the lead here. Yeah, sorry. Sorry. It's been, it's been such a crazy like two weeks. Jeez. Yeah, we signed, we signed a firm, the consumer lending company that's at the bottom of every single checkout on this earth online.
Osman (44:14.727)
my gosh! my gosh! congratulations! Wow!
Osman (44:32.457)
Whoa.
Jenn McCarron (44:32.728)
major.
Osman (44:35.155)
Very amazing.
Jenn McCarron (44:35.542)
made major, major, major. that, and what's awesome with that is the way we've worked, she's a really sophisticated legal ops person, very demanding in a good way. She insisted on a pilot that was free and we did a lot of like coding, integrating with her ironclad CLM, mapping the data, doing the push of contract back and forth between the systems.
And my co-founder was like, Jen, you're making me do all of this for no money? And I said, yep, shut up and do it. And he goes, how confident are you in this sale? I'm like, pretty confident. And what she's going to show us is going to show us the whole future of how to integrate these two systems. We will be able to sell that experience and that value. And they signed. we've been, pilot went well. We did a project plan already.
Everything's teed up and ready to go, including the integrations. We just have to kick the project off now, yeah, and start mapping the rest of the metadata. So that implementation is going to go very fast. They're sophisticated, and we're just getting better at this.
Osman (45:39.015)
my gosh.
Osman (45:51.57)
Whoa, this is so cool. my gosh. It really feels like I'm part of the team, even though I'm not, but it feels like it. So coming back to clock, May 11th. Are there any stories from your time at clock that you repeatedly share or stories you tell people that we could write as LinkedIn posts?
Jenn McCarron (45:53.486)
Thank you.
I know, I know, it's so awesome.
Jenn McCarron (46:17.624)
stories from my time at clock, like as.
Osman (46:20.679)
either time at clock or maybe like similar conference and just stories you would use over and over.
Jenn McCarron (46:29.782)
I have like a billion stories. wonder like which kind of story are you? It serves this best.
Osman (46:33.819)
okay.
is there anything related to legal ops? I guess they're all the, all the ops. yeah.
Jenn McCarron (46:42.072)
They're all legal apps. Well, like here's one. Here's a headline from one.
Jenn McCarron (46:49.39)
gave me a platform or a stage to present my work into. And I used to work in house in these roles heads down inside the company and it becomes a bit of a hall of mirrors. And you don't have perspective on like, this good? Does this make sense? Is this how you do this? I'm factoring in tech on all, is that right? And I started presenting
in small rooms with clock like the community geo chapter meeting. I'd be like, I'll present and I'd show them my probe really like sharp 20 minute presentation. And then someone saw that who ran clock years ago and was like, you, I want you to do this on a stage at the conference. And I was like, cool, I'd love to. And then I get to the conference and the stage is huge. And there it's standing room only and there's
Osman (47:26.814)
you
Jenn McCarron (47:48.494)
300 people in the room. And I did this presentation on that stage of the program and the tech I ran. And it's very like, this is how I did it. Steal all my ideas, take it, framework, framework, framework. I would just make up frameworks. All within like a lean Six Sigma kind of broad space, because that's the shop I was in, we were all Six Sigma. And so there was structure, was like program management structure, but still framework, framework, framework.
Osman (48:09.981)
Mm-hmm.
Jenn McCarron (48:19.246)
And people would take it and be like, oh, I'm going to try this. I'm going to do this. And they like took my slides for years after that. And we're like, I have your slide deck. People would call me. I didn't know. From different continents and be like, will you present to our legal department? I'm like, what? Who are you? And they're like, oh, and so at some random company in Asia. And I have your slides. And I'm like, sure. So I would just like show up and talk. This was before I was even on the board.
And so, I don't know, it became a really great place for a validating the work I was doing. It made sense that it was frameworkable. You can lift and shift it into another environment and use some of that framework for adding value and solving problems. And it just grew from there. Like the audience is bigger.
And not that it's about audience, but all of that was about validating the idea, building community. And within those two things, the next job you want, takes care of itself. I used to advise people like, the more you give into a community setting like that, the fewer job interviews you will go on in future roles inside this industry because it becomes an echo chamber and they want.
They watched you present your idea on stage or in the room. And so they know how you think and speak. And so you're through like the front door on the interview.
Osman (49:55.145)
Do you think this post should be like a...
Like a why, why you should join a community like Clark and the here's my journey kind of thing.
Jenn McCarron (50:08.129)
Will it help sell software? I don't want to plug clock anymore. I plugged it for so long, but how do we tie it back to selling? Like how do we tie it back to our product?
Osman (50:14.919)
okay.
Osman (50:20.649)
Oh, I thought, I thought, yeah, I thought we were trying to plug clock. Nevermind.
Jenn McCarron (50:25.068)
Well, well, but maybe not nevermind yet. Like we're going to be there and we are exhibiting and not a lot of people know that. And so I want to create foot traffic to our booth. I want people to want to walk by the booth and see me working it. And the humbling of
Osman (50:33.654)
okay.
Jenn McCarron (50:45.038)
Excuse me, like kind of the I was the president of that board last year. I walked around last year to all the vendors saying, how's it going? What sucks? And how can we do better? Shaking hands would be people. And now I'm at the booth like like work grinding. And I want them to want to walk by and just see that and go. She's the real deal. I trust her and maybe buy the software in the future. So maybe it all comes back to trust.
Osman (50:57.221)
you
Osman (51:05.161)
yeah.
Osman (51:14.499)
Mmm. Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (51:15.722)
a of a speck the spectacle of I'm the only board member who ever stepped out and decided to build a product.
And I and every board member are a billboard for career opportunities with Legal Ops. can go in a million directions. Don't limit yourself. so I would come back to why it's important to be a part of a community, yes. And how do you be a part of a community? You give. You don't take. You take less than you give.
Osman (51:36.573)
Yeah.
Osman (51:55.674)
Mm, that is a good takeaway. I like it. And also you mentioned that the humbling part. Yeah. So you've got to build legal ops at companies from different stages. like, let's say I think Spotify back then was like pre IPO, and Netflix was like a kind of hyper growth stage and then Cisco was more enterprise. And so
Jenn McCarron (51:59.18)
Yeah, it's like literally serviced. Yeah, exactly.
Osman (52:25.651)
Were there any changes in your approach based on the stage of the company that you were at?
Jenn McCarron (52:30.742)
Yeah, like I had to invent the wild wild west and wild west phases of that maturity spectrum because the maturity was different from them all in terms of A the company B the legal ops department, nonexistent. It was greenfield at Spotify, it greenfield at Netflix. So what you learned at Cisco doesn't work there and you have to change your entire approach. But understanding scale helps you take things towards something.
And you can tell the difference between people who've never worked at large scale and who have. But yeah, dialing it into like almost a startup green field is very, you have to move fast, you have to build small and build momentum and earn trust and credibility quickly, because it's green field. If you just get going on a CLM implementation when you join, you're going to get fired in six months. Because they're going to be like, what are you doing? Working on something for three years, we need everything now.
So yeah, you like work scrappy on the ground more and learn how to work in total chaos.
Osman (53:37.949)
The kind of...
Jenn McCarron (53:38.06)
Just so you know, I have to jump to a call in three minutes with a customer.
Osman (53:43.231)
okay. Quick thing I wanted to show you. I wasn't sure if this was helpful for...
Osman (54:03.433)
So within ordinal, there is like a lead section. So you can go by post, you go by user. I wasn't sure if you've seen this feature before, but maybe this could be useful for Jennifer. So this is everyone who's interacted with your post and you can see like their role, company, industry. So potentially if she's doing deal hunting, this could be like a signal that they might know of you.
and then just give her a reason to reach out. So, wasn't sure how to make this work. Either I could try to export this or then figure out how to give Jennifer access. What do think would be best?
Jenn McCarron (54:33.56)
That's awesome.
Jenn McCarron (54:54.028)
Maybe we could figure out how to give her access first.
Osman (54:59.057)
Okay. Yeah, okay. are you open to her getting access to like the whole ordinal? Like your profile or just this? Okay.
Jenn McCarron (55:10.271)
Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (55:13.934)
I think I'm okay with either. I don't know if there's like any reason for limiting. But she just like this is the most relevant for her.
Osman (55:17.993)
Okay.
Osman (55:23.943)
no, no, there really isn't.
Osman (55:28.265)
Yeah, yeah, exactly. Like she can do a lot of like deal hunting, like by user, you know, you can see who has been engaging with their posts most. And like looking at like the most recent posts that they've engaged with, like, oh, this person's engaged with 14, 14 of your posts. So this is kind of good sign. Yeah.
Jenn McCarron (55:47.214)
Great. Cool. Love. Let's get her in.
Osman (55:53.085)
Okay, okay, awesome. And then the other thing was I sent through a GIF in Slack. I'm not sure if you saw it. Can you get your feedback? So we'll probably add some background music behind. But yeah, if there's any feedback, love to hear it.
Jenn McCarron (56:11.822)
Where is the Jeff?
Osman (56:14.698)
in Slack, just the second to last message.
Jenn McCarron (56:19.912)
yeah. And then there's another post there too. Yeah. I will review these. Ooh. Ooh. Like I'll watch it a few more times, but like few notes if any, and I'll respond in the next half hour.
Osman (56:33.191)
Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Amazing. Cool. Great chat. Talk to you soon. Bye, Jim.
Jenn McCarron (56:40.226)
Thank you. You too. See you soon, Asma.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 14 transcript.docx ===
[Contracts.ai] Week 14 transcript - May 06
VIEW RECORDING - 64 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'm great, thank you. Busy week. Good so far. I'm busy and I'm traveling tomorrow to California, so the week will split in two.
@0:15 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, nice. Oh, so there's clock in California. No, clock's in Chicago.
@0:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I have to go to California first and meet with my investors. Ooh. Uh-huh, and then see funny, see some customers.
Hang on, I'm switching my mic line. Yeah, multiple microphones. Welcome to my studio. Okay, great. That's annoying, but okay, cool.
And then after those, I'll just like hang in California for the weekend, then go to Chicago for the clock conference.
Nice.
@1:03 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, you should take a lot of photos of Spani if you can.
@1:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, there will be photos for sure, and noted take photos, traveling, conference thoughts, and let me actually just like write that into my to-do list so that I do it.
I'm usually pretty on top of that, but we can definitely benefit from content. I'm just going to write, take photos.
And then in terms of like our meeting next week, I am not, I'm not sure I'm going to be able to make that because I will be running a booth and, you know, being on the floor at our event.
@1:46 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah, we could push it if you'd like.
@1:51 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And or like, do you want, do we do just like a really brief check-in? Like, I want to make sure you have what you need, right?
Yeah. Stay on the schedule and on our posts. So how do you do this? What works best for you?
@2:07 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I think for that week, most likely we'll post a lot of stuff about like Clark or just legal ops related stuff.
And so I would say, yeah, depending on even this, like today, if we cover a lot of stuff, then potentially we could skip next week as well.
@2:31 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Great. Let's plan for that. We'll cut stuff today and then I will go, I could go into like a live capture mode where I send you three photos, three paragraph or voice memo blurbs or something of like what happened on Monday or something like that.
Yeah. Voice notes will be perfect.
@2:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Like anytime you meet someone interesting, some conversation, just voice note that through to me and then that could be a quick post.
Amazing.
@3:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Awesome.
@3:02 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Any interesting conversations over the past week? Oh my God, yes.
@3:08 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So I'm noticing this shift on LinkedIn where the Legal Tech Fund, I meant to send you this, they put up a big splash with a graphic.
I'll send it to you right now. And it's, they're watching. And the graphic says, the data layer is the real moat.
And I'm like, let's go. And some of my peers, like Cammie Paulson, she's a big contracts expert that works at Deloitte, is saying the same thing, talking about this shift.
And I'm just like, told you so, you guys, this is what I came in. This was my vision on February 29th, 2024.
When I went live with a CLM, looked back and saw 3 million data points. And then I wrote this LegalOps 3.0 manifesto.
It's all about the data only. That's not to say the drafting and the legal work to get there isn't important.
Of course it is. But this is about the data. And those with the best data will optimize the revenue, will move the fastest in their competitive industries.
So seeing that is a real like watershed moment for me that people are validating the signal again that I know in my soul from years of experience.
This isn't made up signal. This is not a guess. This is a hypothesis. After 12 years as a practitioner and having a really like I was one of the first people in 2021 to sign with an AI CLM for that data moment on February 29th.
And I worked my off for three years to get there with Netflix and my team. And I got that and I know that.
And to see that here, I'm like, let's go. So. I'm hearing it in customer convos too. Customers are in convo going, oh my God, okay, I see something here.
I'm seeing what you're meaning with a data layer. And I think I told you this last week, like one customer that we're going to sign is like, I'm not even dealing with CLM right now.
We got to get this data warehouse in order. And several customers this week have come to us saying, we need the data link.
And I'm like, we'll do you one better. We'll give you the warehouse.
@5:30 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, is that the exact language? data lake, data lake? Yes.
@5:34 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And this is like, I'm quoting funny, an engineer at like a Google scale engineer, AI engineer going and knowing the difference between those two and going, we'll do you one better.
This is the warehouse. This is the contract system of your data record. That's what a data warehouse should be.
And now that it's data-ified, that's my term I always use, data-ification. I should make t-shirts with that, I should make hats, because that's how big this is.
Our whole product narrative is now, I feel it, I was in slides earlier, I just demoed to Vonage, and Vonage is like, what?
And seeing what I was showing in the 28-minute call, going, wait, what? And Vonage has Evisort, who I put in for three years, and Evisort is not cutting it on multi-levels, both delivery, pricing, and tech is, too many things, CLM, not great at 1.2 things.
So they were even saying, like, we care about revenue optimization, what do you have to say about that? And I was like, that's all we care about.
This is the bridge to money. We count dollars. We're live with you and your contracts in six weeks. It's the data warehouse of your contracts, and now the new product narrative I have to, like, reform in my slides is, Now that the context.
Contract is data. There's a song from like the early 90s. I think it's Heavy D and the Boys. Now that we found love, what are we gonna do with it?
It's a very like big expression, especially in like Gen X's The Buyer's Minds. Now that we have contract data, what are we gonna do with it?
And then the song is, you're gonna take that up into your drafting and you're gonna draft against precedent. Yeah, we have a pre-sig Microsoft add-on feature.
We don't lead with that because everybody does. Who cares? It's commoditized. Answer, it's commoditized now, Microsoft and Anthropic. We're there.
It's over. What are those startups even doing right now? I'd be freaking the F out. Number two, you can turn it as, take data and agentically send it to this finance workflow, to that billing outside council management.
Workflow. We will build the agent to do it. We already have two built into finance that optimize revenue. So let's go.
And the data layer is the real mode because you can do all of that once it's data. But when it's not, you're just GPT wrapping.
@8:16 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, that's a common theme I've been hearing is like, are these GPT wrappers going to die up because of Claude on Microsoft?
And yeah, we're starting to see that. Do you want to reference that LegalOps 3.0 article that you created?
@8:33 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
sure, sure.
@8:34 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
And then add like, this was my prediction back then, just having style references. And then here's what we're seeing right now in validation with this article.
I think that'd be quite cool. Awesome. And I think, yeah, like the data layer is the mode. I think that should be like a repeating thing that we talk about ongoing.
@8:52 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
let's go. Let's do it.
@8:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Because I don't really see anyone else talking about that. It's more the like application layer. Um, that I feel everyone's competing in.
Yep. Um, cool.
@9:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And here's the example of a data layer being the mode. When it's, when you have a true data layer, and true AI native ability, and vectorization, and all the things that we have, because I have a very advanced engineer who thinks it's scale, this, here's what's happening.
We're, we're going live with our big, um, big enterprise early customer. And she, the other day, shows the application to her local language attorneys, and says, hey, Italian attorney, hey, French and German, check this out.
Look at the localized, look at the extract, prompt in your language, all the different layers that we have localization applied in that we did in the post.
And they went, whoa, cause they're not used to seeing anything coming, especially via American headquartered companies in their language.
They're used to. Operating in English, and these are multilingual people. So they saw that and they were really excited.
Minor tweaks to minor things that need to happen, sure. All like fair feedback, nothing major. And she writes back in the email that there were some shifts at the firm.
She'll share more with us later. But with the appetite, with how well that went and how she's seeing the tech show up and deliver from a data set, the answers to the users.
She said, with shifts and what I'm seeing, I'm having a vision to extend contracts AI across corporate services and go big.
And she said, betting, I want to put all my eggs in this basket with you guys because of what's going on and how this can serve the enterprise.
And I said, and I don't know what she means. I don't know her detailed vision. I don't know what corporate services entails.
But I said to her, well, as I told you, Lisa. Lisa. When you signed on with a dev partnership with us, you have me and Funny as your team to do whatever you need to add value to your company.
Let's go. You got us. Let's do this. We're excited to learn more. So she's already in week six of her implementation.
She'll be done in by week eight. We'll be live over 50,000 contracts. Yeah. Very short. Yeah, we're just it's super short.
We're refining. And and let me tell you how every call went. She had to do a lot of work, sure.
But she showed up to every call with two like analyst level project manager people and him and I just like rampaging through spreadsheets and analysis and pivot tables with her.
Like we led her through it because we are expert. I mean, that guy worked at Deloitte and I'm a Lean Six Sigma and I've I've led thousands of people through.
I'm Thank Large scale deployments. know how to show up to a meeting. I know how to crack jokes, take notes, get to action items and crank.
I was like such an analyst at heart. And so she was led. She said that to us, too, on the last call.
She's like, God, she's like, this is my only meeting where I show up and I lean back and I'm led through something super fast, data intensive implementation.
So the signal from that is so strong. The speed signal and the implementation is so strong. And then what she's able to sit back and vision so quickly with us is so strong.
And why is she able to see that? Because she's not mired down in hell implementation and dragging out for three years.
She's seeing the horizon of the end of our implementation and going now and next.
@12:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I'm thinking maybe. We could do a post around how you guys do that implementation process because it seems like back in the past conversations you mentioned there are some companies that there has been like months and months.
Let's do it. They lie.
@13:16 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
They all lie and say it's fast and you get going and like they send, sorry to sound so disparaging, they send some idiot to roll it out with you from the startup.
They send someone who's like good, not great or generic and not a wraparound person who's like strong but not psychologically flexible and adaptive to any environment they get dropped in.
That is so hard to find. That is funny and I, he has, we both have consulting backgrounds. I just consulted in house because I quit the consulting job.
He did Deloitte. He traveled everywhere and parachuted into companies and parachuted out. So we're very adaptive. And we drive, in that sense, a very tight and fast implementation as a service.
@14:11 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay, okay. Maybe we could do two separate posts. I think one, I think it would be good to talk about from the demo side of things, and then the second one would be more the implementation side of things.
@14:23 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Amazing. Oh my god, I think I just came up with the name of a podcast if I start one.
Oh yeah? Yeah. Yeah, I think it should be thin moat, or some play on the phrase moat, the real moat, moat.
Get off my moat, something moat. I hate this term.
@14:51 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Do you think I should tie something to legal though, just because they kind of need to immediately know, oh, this is for me.
Like, this There's a lot of, like, I don't know, marketing podcasts, like, there's something marketing, blah, blah, blah, and then maybe some legal, blah, blah, blah, like, I think having that.
@15:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And, like, a podcast name?
@15:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Or, I think, some, like, outcome. So, like, for example, My First Million is, like, a really good, like, the whole goal is to, you know, help people get their first million, and then there's, like, other ones where it's more, like, leadership-related, so that's, like, the outcome, which is, I need to learn, like, leadership.
So, I think moat is, like, it doesn't, one, specify the outcome or direction, and it, two, doesn't specify the audience.
I think that's the only thing. But I like the name, but I think there could be something added to it.
@15:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Thin Moats, the legal tech podcast. I mean, Thin Moat, by the way, is what Ironclad called us. They said, we have a thin moat, and I want to.
I want to still fight that person that said that.
@16:05 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I still want to fight them.
@16:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'm fighting them every day by innovating faster than they ever could and being far more articulate in my marketing.
All right. Well, I like those. I'll keep cooking on potential podcasts. You're right. It should be outcome-based. Yeah. Okay.
@16:23 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So what would you say are a few things a legal tech vendor does in a demo that immediately tells you they don't understand enterprise legal ops?
@16:35 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Number one, they don't. What does a legal tech vendor do that signals they don't understand enterprise? Yeah.
@16:43 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
In a demo.
@16:44 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I mean, number one, if they don't ask, if they don't listen, do a listen for the first one to two minutes of what's going on in the enterprise, they have.
I no idea. And they're just going to present you something generic.
@17:07 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Because you mentioned Sandstone. They didn't understand Enterprise, right? They don't know anything about Enterprise.
@17:13 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
They've hardly worked. They've hardly worked in one. They worked in management consulting, which meant they parachuted in and out.
They never stayed for the long-haul hell. And the detail for Enterprise is in the long-haul. You have to be, this is a marathon, not a sprint.
And companies like that, they're going to be all sprinters. And why they pound the pavement on mid-market is because you can sprint and get two users, and you have a logo, and you have a deal.
Great. Respect for that. Enterprise is a long road. There is complexity. And understanding the architecture of the city. Systems and the politics of the teams and who owns what, how you get buy-in, how you get budget even.
Like I'm working with Zendesk on a longer play because they took one look, my peer there, Catherine, she's so awesome and smart, the legal ops leader and the GC took one look at this and they're like, we want it and we want finance to pay for it.
Because we do not have the budget. Legal does not get the budget to stack and stack and stack on technology.
Like the CFO is going to say to the CLO, what are you doing, bro? What are you doing? What are you building?
Who do you think you are? A tech innovator? Do deals and make legal the gateway of deal, right? Deal making.
And that's exactly right. That's fair. They shouldn't be fun. Defending crazy tech. But sometimes they have to, to operationalize and transform and make legal work in a little more modern of a way.
Cool. But there's, you have to also understand that. And no salesperson is going to get this. Legal ops is a little bit of a moving ship in that they, I believe, go into the enterprise and it's not stable.
They're here to transform. They're looked at as almost consultants. And it can, you can spend four years putting in the thing and then they shift you out and go, okay, we don't want to spend this anymore on your like half a million dollar salary to just park it here and like endlessly implement tech.
They're lawyers. They're looking for done and it doesn't ever happen with tech. So it shifts and vendors might not get that.
They might not understand the shifting nature, the complexity, the enterprise complexity, the lack of budget, and therefore lack of budget.
How to position this. And unfortunately, they might start saying. We're your one-stop shop in order to position a wedge in.
And then as soon as you hear those words, that's a death sentence. You want an endless, we should put this in a quote, you want an endless implementation that takes years and has, is difficult to show ROI, put one-stop shop on the slide and sell it to your leaders.
@20:22 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, I feel very targeted, but this is good. It's like anonymized by targeting. It's true, I've lived this, I've lived this.
@20:29 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
When I hear those words, I get a rash, I have like a this reaction, and I'll never say that to customers.
And you know, like Sandstone, was at a dinner with him and a bunch of like elite, legal tech, movers and shakers, intimate dinner last week in New York.
And I heard him like describe his platform as the knowledge layer for legal, and I wanted to like hit pause and go, but what the does that mean?
@20:59 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What? does that mean?
@21:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Where's your moat? There's no data layer there. It's a bunch of, like, agents, agenting, and that's fair, but that's application.
Yeah. Instead, I just stayed quiet and I studied everyone and put out good vibes.
@21:21 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, observing the enemy, the opponents. So it looks like a lot of it is actually around the operator's background, and, like, because they don't have the, I guess, enterprise background, they don't have the understanding of how to build a product or software to cater to enterprise.
Zach, does that summarize it? Say that again, that operator background. So, like, the thing that immediately tells you that they don't understand enterprise, I think the first thing is the operator's background, like the founder's background.
@22:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, yeah, exactly. So they won't have knowledge of how all of this works. Some do, and I don't want to say that none of them do.
Many have worked, many startup founders in the legal tech space have law degrees and have worked as a lawyer in some capacity in a law firm and are coming in.
But let's look at Ivo guy, for example. He worked for like two hours in a law firm in New Zealand.
Yeah, New Zealand. Yeah.
@22:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah.
@22:33 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
like, cool, bro. But also, and no disrespect, because I know that you have heritage from all those places. But like, it wasn't Amlaw 100 in New York City, which is the home of the lawyer shark.
So he has some experience, but the level of complexity of where you work, it informs your domain perspective and experience and then how you think and build.
And so he has, Minkyu's built a really solid product with Ivo, and you see where they are in funding and marketing.
They're going for it. We will get there in half the time because we can just start cutting corners, doing it in double time, hitting, we started with complexity in Fortune 500.
And we come from there, and there's Signal, and there's Match. We were on with Vonage today, and their frigging heads blew off their shoulders.
He was not showing Vonage, his first product. He was showing mid-market, smaller companies, and his first product is actually dead.
He had to kill and pivot and rebuild and go forward and rebrand in their Ivo. Great, he did it in three years.
That's awesome. We'll get there more quickly. We'll get Signal sooner. And I know this from, I had a conversation, two combos with Meta recently, and tomorrow...
So Thursday, I'm meeting with some scientist at Meta, a product who wants a demo, someone from the research Meta model world, none of this legal .
He met me at a breakfast in legal week. I said something edgy. He disagreed with me. I was like, oh my God, I'm an idiot or he hates me.
And then now he wants to talk. So number one, that side of Meta. But number two, and he's a former GC who went into research at Meta.
But the Meta guys I've been speaking with are in legal tech. And they brought in Ivo and they said it is not enterprise ready whatsoever.
It's strong at pre-sig, at drafting, because MinQ was a lawyer. And he can listen to the lawyers and take the menu order and put it right into the product.
But they are not strong technologists and they are not enterprise scale. And so they struggle to meet security standards, volume data searching, vectorizing, databasing.
Standards. And delivery at a scale. And that will take them so much time. And when we signed Evisort in 2021 when was at Netflix, they were in no way ready for enterprise.
But we chose them and thought, let's bet on them. We think they can get there. But what it took for my team to get there was blood.
Honestly, people had to get fired from their team to get there. Wow. Yeah. Oh, and this is a great example.
They would send these sales kind of CSM project people into the room to roll it out with us. And they just wouldn't fit us.
It was large enterprise. then a very particular, Fang is very particular, large enterprise, demanding, and sometimes chaotic. And these guys were too, like, by the book.
And, like, member of my team went to the leadership at Evisort, and they were like, you got to pull this dude out.
It's not working. We're hitting our Heads into the wall. And then this is why we liked Evisort, because the Evisort leader walked that person into the room and fired them out of the company.
And I was like, ooh, burn, like. Cool. We could stay in business with you. So yeah. So those are just like dimensions of me in-house, what I used to look for.
And a lot of the software that would come through is like, we'd go, this is cute. Mid-market will love this.
This will never work. Ironclad would never work at a Netflix or a size enterprise.
@26:30 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So what did you look for that made it not be able to work?
@26:36 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Lack of real database, application layer, search, large-scale data, moving volumes, workflow that can move high volumes of things and have variability in it to adjust.
The stuff that needs to adjust to how something moves in an enterprise, if it's workflow, or the databasing and the search and the reporting aspect.
That comes from repository. And you know what the number one telltale sign was? That it was not ready for enterprise?
It was a really good UI. Like pretty. The prettier the product, the more we kind of looked at it and were suspect because we're like, we know where you're putting your money and your time.
And front end is wonderful. And it's so important. But to have that further along than the back end and the tech ability for large scale complexity, red flag.
@27:41 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
How interesting. Yeah, this is legal tech.
@27:45 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
This is not, it's not consumer tech. It's not fintech. It was, it's in a different place. And that place is behind everything else.
And so I think like this was 2021 to 2024 standards. It's possible with the boom. Of legal tech that now there's enough money coming in to fund really good UI and really strong enterprise grades?
Sure. It's moved forward, but not that far. Funny looks at all of what we see in the CLM products.
We started to see CLMs. We're getting their sandboxes from our customers. And he just looked at Agiloft and he went, what the hell is going on here?
And Funny's from India. He can handle everything in the kitchen sink, overloading his mind. This is Indian culture. And he looked at Agiloft and went, what the hell?
This looks like junk.
@28:38 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, okay. I like to double click on the implementation side of things now because you mentioned how this episode example and maybe even horror stories of implementation that you've seen go wrong and why they've gone wrong.
And then go into like how you guys do implementation and like why. Why you guys chose this direction or this process?
@29:02 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, here's one horror story. I'm just getting my facts so that I tell it right the first time. When we implemented a CLM, they had APIs, but they didn't have the understanding of connecting it into the enterprise layer.
As you may know, there's often a single integration layer at large companies that you have to integrate with that.
then in order to integrate, we're not just going to build a direct line to CLM. We're going to build into, I think at Netflix it was called Llama or something.
We're going to connect into something that's... God, that's just part of, it's called enterprise infrastructure, it's security and architecture, and because of that, we had to bring in another firm, a tech services firm, in a very expensive but worth it partnership, and they had to build a middleware for us to pull and push stuff through because we wanted to integrate CLM with a couple of things, and we're not going to build one for one.
We're going to build singular, and there were not, there weren't, not the resources on the CLM side to provide us that.
We had to bring in an additional team and partnership, and they became an extension of our team and our tech services.
was also like, partly like, I didn't want a staff that way, I didn't want. To staff more people that were veiled engineers inside legal, but I needed more tech jobs.
And I was able to mask it in this professional and technical services engagement we had. And then they did a lot of the middleware building and tinkering and managing of.
That's a hidden cost of connecting and implementing and connecting and maintaining over time the CLM in a larger scale enterprise.
And with us, like CompareContrast, we have that engineering competency up front. We are assuming the build and cost and maintenance of all the API-ing will build into the layer.
We know the difference between all of that. And then we have AI monitoring our layers and connections. And you don't have to wait for someone to run a workflow and it fails.
Oh, the DocuSign integration's dead. F. That was my life at Spotify. As soon as the integration dies on our end or trips, our AI is working on it.
Our platform is working on it and sending reports to the engineering. So not only do we know that architecture and enterprise scale requirement, and then we assume the building and the maintenance of, but an AI native and first company has AI in our stack to help augment our own ability to sustain, maintain, monitor all of this.
@32:42 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So is the, like, these implementation hidden costs, is it because they haven't factored in what it takes to work with enterprise customers?
@32:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yes, 100%. They don't know how. And they learn on the spot. They get a ton of funding. And some signal and they learn as they go.
Nobody at Evisore, and we'll never mention Evisore, and I'll never mention their names again because it would actually help them.
And we don't want to reveal if I'm saying like the downside stuff. But those people, did they ever work a day in their life?
Not sure they did. I don't know that they worked. They maybe had a job or two in their young career and then went into Harvard Law School and then started a tech product from within the business incubator inside like the HBS and HLS pathway and then came out and started selling from there.
And look, those guys paid their domain dues. It was 10 years of work and startup building before they went into acquisition by workday.
So you have to pay your dues to learn the domain and the enterprise pain points. And I believe they learned a lot of it.
A lot of their customers were larger scale. Big logos, that's why they were acquired. Because it wasn't all mid-market, it was larger.
And it worked for the time, but I don't know that it's going to work over time and across time.
I think they had their moment and staying on top of the mountain that they summited in this age of AI when their leaders are now like four guys inside Workday.
It's just a, odds are no.
@34:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Are there questions you would ask a vendor to determine what that implementation process looks like?
@34:42 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
As like an in-house person? Yeah. Yeah, I would say, what's the security? Tell me your security posture. Tell me your average implementation.
Implementation time and cost. Tell me the resources needed for implementation from my end and what you provide. Show me the person who's going to be implementing.
I want to interview that project or implementation lead before we commit. They have to be able to culture fit with the customer, with us.
Even when I worked at Blackstone, I was on the team implementing Workday for the company, for a company inside Blackstone.
Blackstone was rolling out Workday across the whole portfolio. And I was helping this portfolio go in. And they sent the tech services team.
And the first project manager they sent, the minute they started talking, I was like, this is going to be a disaster.
And it was. And we had to roll that person off. So they need an attention to detail. I need to feel like what Lisa, our customer said to me, I need.
I feel as the customer when I did all these implementations. I need to feel led by the project lead.
And I need someone who is detail-oriented, a real note-taker, action-itemer, self-starter, attention to detail that's beyond, and they can just carry us through.
It's their job to get us successful. When I'm the in-house person, I have five of these projects going on.
And I need to be led. And the more you put the burden on us to lead and do a lot of this, all the hidden manual work that needs to get done in order to move into a new system, the more that burden comes to us, the more we are just compressed.
And this gets harder and protracts and takes longer. So I want to know who the lead is and what they're willing to invest in our success.
And here's an example. I don't know if I will ever say this about it. Evasort. But Evasort apparently put a million-dollar team behind our implementation to make it successful and had to move a few people off and on to keep up with the caliber and complexity, in addition to us having a professional tech services team helping us implement.
Yeah, they put their best and staffed behind our implementation pretty much to the cost of what we were spending in a year.
And that was a really strong signal to me that the partnership is balanced and has a chance to bring this live.
And it went live. So yeah, what are they willing to invest in our success? And is it everything? And I use this analogy of like, what will they invest in the partnership with us as a customer of an implementation, implementing company?
What are you willing to invest in the partnership? Partnership, actually. How will you show up as the CEO of the CPO, the CTO, whatever?
Who's the project lead? How will the C's support the project leads? And how will the C's check in with the exec sponsor on the customer side to make sure all's going well?
And what are they willing to do? I I told you I watched one of my partner on the other side fire someone that wasn't working.
He didn't roll them off. He fired them. He sacrificed that person's livelihood to show us, I will do anything for your success.
And that's very strong. And we can put the rated G version of that. I'm like, that's blood. Because what we were putting in was revolutionary.
And to get to revolution, there must be bloodshed in the literature, in the classics. This is like what it takes to transform.
Some things have to go. And if your partner in the partnership is really willing to... ... ... ... ...
... Build the bespoke team that will see this through to success. That's the strongest signal. And then, of course, the tech, back-end ability and scale ability has to be there for enterprise.
The architecture, how it works. And to me, UI is last. But to idiots, UI is first. And sometimes with a lawyer who doesn't have time and they're on the decision committee, they see the tech and they're like, it's so pretty.
I know it has oil paintings. It's pretty. And it stands out for the customer. But to people like legal ops and tech people, that comes last.
@39:40 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay. This is great. I kind of shift into the legal ops stuff now. What's a best practice in legal ops that is actually just a shared bad habit, the industry never questioned?
@40:10 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I think there's a, if I'm speaking, I can get more specific. I think there's a broad bad habit where legal ops can have a checklist mentality and prescriptive mentality that they feel they've gleaned these norms and strategic ways of working and delivering, solving.
They feel they've gleaned it from the community and the clock and the chatter and the echo chamber. And then they don't have the ability to step out of that and burn it all down and go almost like a consultant walking in going, well, what do you need legal?
What do you need now? What are the most important things, CLO? They're leaders on your strategy this year that you need to achieve for you to look good, for you to succeed, for legal to have impact.
What's on your burning to-do list? I think sometimes they walk in with a checklist and try to solve that way, and it's not creative, it's not bespoke, it's not listening to the customer or client or the legal department's needs first and foremost before formulating an opinion.
When I walked in to Netflix, I was mum. I spoke so little in meetings that they were like, oh my God, they thought they hired the wrong person.
They were like, she's very quiet, weird on the interview, she wouldn't like shut up. And I was learning and I was listening and I was taking them on and understanding the center of the culture and the business need there and what was really important.
And then I was going to come out and devise a strategy from there after listening for three minutes. And so sometimes, like, I know this, like, I know legal ops people used to, like, rip the, they would pull the slides of how someone did such and such from the clock slide bank, how Jen did KM, how Mary wrote the billing guidelines.
Like, we were, in the early days, clock, we would just share all of our stuff. And then they would take that and try to prescribe with it.
And we'd be like, eh, don't do that. Don't do that. There's no, like, because clock said it, it means something.
It doesn't mean anything. What matters is what you and the leader you're working with in the legal department come up with.
And just because clock has talked about 12 things in a pretty little wheel that all factor into, like, transforming a legal department, that doesn't mean you tell them any of those things.
Tell them few things, because they're going to be overwhelmed and think that you're a waitress offering 12 things on a menu.
And they're going to order nine of 12 things and you'll be fired in a year because you can't do nine things.
You should do one thing. Strategy is two things, two and a half. In the beginning, need more small than big, small wins versus big wins.
And I think people go in and go start on big things. And then sometimes the legal department will get some note that they want the big thing.
And you'll walk in and start delivering the big thing and then it's hard to show your value in a short term, shorter time frame.
So also having the judgment and knowing, I don't think the legal ops people always have, is like knowing how to pepper in small, medium, large wins.
So there's this like mentality there of checklisting, prescribing, and executing from that place and not being able to strategically, creatively wrap around the true needs of the business.
Hmm.
@43:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, okay. There was another question I had, which was like, what are some skills that separate like a good legal ops manager from someone who makes it to VP?
I feel like being able to uncover the problems of a business, I think that is probably...
@44:15 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
VP is a, like, when you talk about VP, I won't say like, keep financial services VP out of the picture and thinking about other companies, which is like, at Netflix, VP was the top before the C-suite.
At many companies, it'll be SVP or VP, exec. The people, and to make those ranks in a legal department is very hard.
And if you don't have a law degree, it's pretty much unlikely. And I was pushing, I was on that track at Netflix and trying to understand like, do I have the chops to go all the way?
And I was in legal. And I wanted a road to that. And the road to that level of exec is almost literally a level of impact that can be measured in the hundreds and hundreds of millions.
And it has to be really pointable, like impact, 300 million. That's what I would see in the memos written for promotion.
And a lawyer in legal can go, I was instrumental on, I oversaw all the deal flow in Europe for Netflix content deals.
And they are valued at dollar, dollar, dollar, dollar, a hundred million in deals. How do you make that impact story as an ops person?
You're not getting promoted saying, I accelerated the NDA and I saved 2,000 hours a year on NDAs. Who the cares about an NDA?
NDA. There's no dollar value there. Sure, NDAs are the entry point into a business engagement, but I can't, as the legal ops person, I can't say, well, this is a true number, by the way.
I think with our NDA solution and volume against the volume at Netflix, I think we factored in that we saved a quarter's worth of time in cost for your average knowledge worker to run that.
It's pretty major. A quarter of a person who makes 200K a year, we're getting there. We're getting somewhere. But I couldn't say, okay, all those NDAs, it was like 6,000 a year, 6,000 NDAs a year.
2,000 of them turned into revenue-bearing deals. Here's the revenue on those contracts. Those contracts netted $50 million. If I made that claim, they'd be like, you're going too far.
No, no. It's because you helped accelerate an NDA doesn't mean you can claim the credit. The people who crafted the deal claimed credit on the deal.
A lawyer, the business exec, etc. So it's very hard to show impact at a scale that hits the number quantitative and qualitative amount of impact that shows as VP, number one.
You have to be really good at crafting that story and knowing the strategy to build to do that and the time frame.
And then two, there's a level of communication that you need to have when you get into a room with the C-suite or other VPs and how you present the info to get into their brain to get their buy-in.
And if you don't have that comms quotient, you'll never get there. You just won't get it. And like, I had the comms quotient and I had the presentation of self and exec presence, exec presence, need comms quotient, executive presence, strategic thinking and ability to derive like an impact story that's at that level.
What that company uses as the barometer for that level exec. And I had it all. I just couldn't get the impact story.
I didn't stay long enough for the impact story. It's a slower impact story for tech and ops. But I started getting the signals for me, Jenn, at five years from the engineering side of the house to go over there and then maybe go up from there.
And I didn't stay to pursue it. Timing didn't work out. Wow.
@48:29 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
That feels like a very long career. And it feels like only one out of a few hundred or a thousand could do.
@48:36 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, I would say you can look at the ranks of even like clock members and all of my peers that I know.
And very few get to that exact level inside the company of the F500, the F100, the F50. And the ones that do are lawyers.
Inside, doing legal ops and tech, they're lawyers. lawyers because they also got the MBA or have the business brain.
And a CLO can go, okay, great, you're going to run legal apps and tech. You're going to manage the legal marketing function.
Can I stick global and export and compliance under you? You know how to do things and have impact. You know how to manage organizations of large teams and the people dynamics.
You know organizational jiu-jitsu is what my old VP called it. And you're a lawyer. can park a legal practice area under you.
And as a lawyer, when you walk in and get buy-in from all the other lawyers, you know how to decode them immediately and you're on par with them.
And you unlock them more quickly. I don't see a lot of, quote, non-lawyers in legal departments rise to true SVP VP roles.
Few. I can count them on one hand.
@49:46 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, wow. Okay. And I was, I was, it was cool.
@49:52 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I wanted to be the one. I was a gunning for that for years in house. I wanted to be that one that went, look, you can do it as a novel.
Lawyer, let me tell you the path, and let me give you the cheat codes, and let me tell you how hard it is, and let me be your support.
And I had the buy-in from my former manager at Netflix. He's like, let's get you there. This will be fun.
But I couldn't get there. It was just hard at that company, and I ran out of time. Yeah.
@50:19 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah. Okay. Final question. I think we always talk about their relationship with finance. And so are there metrics you would report to them?
Or are there metrics you would track and come to the decision of whether things are working or not? And then are there metrics that you track but think are a waste of everyone's time?
@50:47 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Metrics to track with finance. They don't want... In my experience partnering with finance on a couple different spectrums of legal ops and tech, they don't...
Want metrics. They wanted outcomes. They wanted numbers out of the contracts. They wanted visibility and transparency into the status of the contract.
They wanted to see deal financials as they formed, as they were in flight. They wanted to be looped in.
And when the contract hits the repo and it's signed, they want everything out of the contract stat. They wanted renewal reports every second, live, up to date.
Tell me all the contracts that are revenue-bearing or buy-side contracts that expire in the next 30, 60, 90 days.
They want visibility over all of that. And then they want pre-signature visibility into revenue-bearing contracts, especially for companies that have to report revenue recognition to Wall Street on a quarterly basis.
Rev-RevRec. That was a big deal. Deal that I learned at scale at Cisco, RevRec. It's another thing, like with enterprise, if you don't know this because they're reporting to Wall Street and this is a very tight ship, they don't have the speed and the urgency to get that data kind of pushed into the reporting, the reporting, the analytics, the analytics.
So, yeah, that. I guess those are metrics. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm assuming Contracts AI pose those data. Yeah, it pulls it all, yeah.
So, with our Fortune 500 company we're about to sign, I'm waiting for the final approval and then it's going to signature.
The project is not even in legal. It's a project, it's a cross-functional project. Program being stood up, piloting for two years, it's their pilot program and it's a revenue optimization program.
And how they pull it through from sales, through legal, through the downstream. Stream teams after, and they're measuring revenue, stages, time cycles all along the way so that they can see these numbers build in their reporting dashboards over one to two years and figure out how to optimize revenue, literally.
And they came to us with a list of 50 metrics. Jesus. And they said, and I, and this is funny, and I, because we're so, like, company, company, we went to our partner there, Carrie, our champion, and we said, all right, pull up the list.
You ready? You got two hours? Let's go through every damn one. And we went through every list of her, trying to find, just find it, and you could even.
@53:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I'm thinking maybe there's, like, like, a template dashboard, or just, like, a metrics list, or some sort of.
@53:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Like, I could give you this list, and you would just have to do. A very big anonymization and generalization of it, but this is what, and this is like super NDA, of course, between you and I, but this is like, she came to us with this vision, and they want to know efficiency of their deal flow, and they want to measure it in a hundred different ways, basically, and this is where, in this section, they want to bring us in.
And so, they boiled out this into a list of, okay, here's what customer success needs, here's the bids stage measurements they want to do, here's the contracts stage measurements they want to do, here's the security measurements they want to do.
I mean, this is a hundred, this company is valued at, valuated at like, I don't know, 150 billion. So, this counts, this counts at that scale, here's their compliance, let's see, compliance and process health, security assessment.
Assessments, Contracts, Bids, Overview. So this is a list of about, let me just see here. Who can see this?
Oh, great. I'm just going to, boom. I'm just going to share that with you. Awesome. And we spent hours with Carrie going through that one-for-one.
And it's about 50 metrics. And we came to an outcome where we're able to deliver, our platform can deliver in about two-thirds.
And the other one-third is from contract workflow technology, legal front door intake measurement, how long it sits between legal drafts.
That's a bit of a black box. And we're not solving in that black box. But other platforms do. And so I said the other one-third is work.
And if you guys at Legal don't have workflow, I'll introduce you to someone. So I start introducing them to my friend, Evan, who runs a workflow company, Checkbox.
And Evan says to me at the end of my pitch to him, he goes, we're already in it, Striker.
And I was like, oh, we are going to have some fun optimizing revenue, my friend. So yeah, that, that, that is the goal.
When Vonage got on the call today, Vonage said to me, we need revenue optimization. What can you say to that?
And I said, that's what we're here for.
@56:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What would like a, like a hypothetical dashboard for Reverex look like? I'm trying to, yeah, figure out if there's like a visual way of representing this.
Yeah. Cause like, I guess just from a sales and marketing background, like sales and marketing perspective.
@57:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I'll share this with you, too. We went through her list, and then I took it into a sheet in real time, and we worked through her list line by line, and I said where we can solve.
But these are the metrics right here. So this is what needs to be turned into just visuals, like all your typical business insights graphs, charts, numbers, and visuals.
That's what they will build internally with their Power BI or whatever tools they use, Tableau. And so here it is.
And so, I don't know, you can find, go find the hottest looking graphics there are on the internet and sub in some of these and put play numbers.
Like it's that. It's visualization. Cool. Awesome.
@57:53 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Those will be helpful. Yeah.
@57:55 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So I'm going to share these. Let's just make sure that anything that you do is like, this is all actually pretty generic, bids, sales, pipeline, through.
There's not a ton here that's unique to whatever Striker does, but make sure if anything is topically very Striker company looking, you just kind of avoid it.
@58:21 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I'll ping you if have any questions. Yeah, awesome. Amazing. I have everything for this week and potentially even next week.
@58:29 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, this was loaded because we're rounding, even to tie the two, like the data layer is the real moat because it gets to actual revenue optimization now and we can take you live.
We can take enterprises in the Fortune 500 level scale live in eight weeks now. And we count numbers. This platform calculates and counts now.
None of the CLMs do. So that all right there is a new world order, and I'm just connecting the two big pieces for you.
Yeah.
@59:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Cool. Awesome. This is great. Okay.
@59:12 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So just to wrap.
@59:14 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, we're to skip next week. Yeah.
@59:16 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So next week, we're just going to, I'm going to say no to that, and it'll come off the cow.
Wow. However, I will take photos and content, and let's just say I'll send you like three to five things from when I hit the road Thursday through next Thursday that you can consider for any, whatever, augmenting, putting it into the flow of the three posts we do, and or like, we'll just figure out via Slack if I'm going to do my augmenting style posts in between your posts.
Yeah, that's fine.
@59:54 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, we can sort that out. And yeah, I'm not sure if you're looking to do any videos. Stuff at clock, but happy to like help with editing if need be.
Oh, good to know.
@1:00:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Okay. And then I'm going to think about this with both, I'm going to say Osman and Nick. So I have my editor also on standby, but that's not to say I might not like tap you as well for something.
So if I get, if I get, I'm bringing my full camera rig. Oh, and like microphone. Yeah. I'm bringing my like DJI's.
I'm not traveling with these mics because it'll just be too much. But I, I have in the past. I used to tote this around for podcasts, but I'll have mics, cameras, lights.
And if it's, if I feel it and I can grab some quick content, that's cool, not cringe. I might pull together something.
And I know how to shoot for shorts. I could pull together. Like we're at my first ever booth as a vendor.
at clock 2026. Check this out. Shot, shot, shot. Music, music, music. Customer walks up. What do you think? Contracts AI.
Customer, customer, customer. Boom! Your animation. Cool song. We're out. It's 45 seconds right there.
@1:01:14 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I was also thinking maybe we could do like a, like ask one or two questions and it could be something related to like, like a problem that everyone would face and maybe there would be like specific answers.
And so it would just be like, you ask the question and there'll be cut to one person answering and another cut to another person answering.
And so it'll just be the same, same question, just multiple people answering that. And then, so actually, I'll send you an example of that format.
I think it'd be quite cool. Get your thoughts on that. Okay.
@1:01:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So it's like, ask two questions is, I'm just going to write down ideas. Ask two questions related to...
@1:01:58 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Some kind of problems. Space that you go to solving or maybe just recurring things in the market or some patterns.
then, yeah, that could be like a series or just a content format as well. But I'll send you an example after this.
@1:02:09 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, and ask two people the same question.
@1:02:12 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
it could be like, could be three, could be five. And then we just like slice it. So it could be like a longer piece.
@1:02:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
People, the same question. And then, and you're thinking edited into like one-minuters? Yeah. Don't threaten me with a good time.
I mean, I just, I could just, I'm all like, I'm all, I'm like, I shot ahead for all my YouTube work.
I'm like so warmed up right now on video. And I just did two live streams. So like, I can slot that very easily.
I just have to like feel it and feel pumped to do it in the moment and have the right environment where it's not like, you know, a band playing in the background or something.
But if I could find it and feel it, the gear will be with me.
@1:02:54 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Amazing. Awesome. Have a good trip. Cheers. Cheers. Have a safe flight to California, as well as Chicago as well.
Really looking forward to all the exciting stuff that will be happening, all the insights, conversations you have. So, very, very pumped.
@1:03:11 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Thank you, thank you. And I'll be online with you, async, as always, just editing away and refining our posts.
So, thank you so much. And then, keep you posted as photo, video, anything comes through. Awesome. See you in two weeks.
I'll leave the chat.
@1:03:23 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Bye, Jenn. Thanks, bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 7 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 55 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How are you?
@0:01 - Jenn McCarron
I am good.
@0:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
You look cold. Is it cold?
@0:05 - Jenn McCarron
You know, when I came to the office today, was, forgive me for speaking in F, I don't know C.
It was 34, feels like 19. Okay, that was cold.
@0:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
19 Fahrenheit. So bad at Celsius. Oh, wait, 19 Fahrenheit. Oh, that is very cold. Yes, this is March in New York City.
One day, they're like, hello, it's 70.
@0:32 - Jenn McCarron
And the next day, they're like, never mind, die in the cold.
@0:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm assuming it's snowing right now?
@0:40 - Jenn McCarron
No, it's very sunny. No snow. Oh, okay.
@0:45 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay. Yeah, sounds, I don't think museums have ever gone in that cold before. Yes, exactly.
@0:53 - Jenn McCarron
How are you?
@0:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
How's everything been so far? I'd love to hear all about Legal Week as well. Yeah, I'm good.
@1:03 - Jenn McCarron
And Legal Week, what to even say about Legal Week? Fun to walk around and see, like, the network that I've been in for over a decade.
And a lot of people know me. I know a lot of people. And a few people who I kind of know well who are legal ops people, ideal customers, said to me, oh, they said, I'm keeping up with everything you're writing.
I'm paying attention to everything you say. And I have to talk to you about my problem with contracts. Intel and State Street said the same thing to me.
Major companies.
@1:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@1:53 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so demos are happening. They're in the funnel, whether it's slow or... Fathom, have no idea, but good to be in those combos.
And just people were aware. I saw a reporter or two that I know that I've spoken to over the years, and I just was like, we need to catch up, and I need to tell you about the product.
So I did an interview with Caroline Hill from Legal Tech. What does she call herself? Legal Tech out of London.
Insider? She runs like the Orange Rag. It's a legal tech publication, and she's smart, been on the scene over a decade reporting, nice woman, and we had a great chat, and she might publish something.
She's doing a, she messaged me yesterday, like, what's the difference between you and Ebrevia? I'm like, if Ebrevia has been around for 11 years and they're doing contracting, they've already failed.
We're around under two years.
@2:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
We have succeeded.
@2:51 - Jenn McCarron
So yeah, it was really good. It was exhausting. It was nonstop. I just, like, threw myself into the ringer with it all.
And Yeah, a lot of new contacts. Awesome.
@3:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Any, I guess, legal trends that you haven't heard of or just things that kind of surprised you or got you curious?
Maybe it's like other companies or just from the actual talks. I didn't go to a single session.
@3:22 - Jenn McCarron
My badge, I got a free badge and it was exhibitor hall only. So I have no perspective of what was inside the rooms.
But typically those sessions are hit and miss anyway, especially legal week ones. So I don't know what was being said.
You can just glean that from all the LinkedIn posts about legal week and what they heard. And they all say the same thing.
AI is here to stay. In-house companies have to adopt. They have to adopt fast. There was no new revelation.
it's And for me in terms of content, because I speak to, you know, 5 to 15 customers a week.
And they're saying the same thing to me. What was interesting was, like some of the articles you were even posting, sending to me, is seeing the scale of Harvey and Legora pop off to another level.
And you start to look around the exhibitor floor room and go, is this not just legal tech anymore? Is this crossing over into tech tech with that kind of level funding, status in the news, Harvey starting the fund, Legora pulling in half a billion.
Where will they spend all of this money?
@4:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. I mean, I'm assuming most likely in like the acquisitions that you mentioned about back, It's like they're not good at everything.
So they probably would acquire a specialist or niche. Which, um, um, um, um, which, um, Solutions, companies to kind of solve those.
Exactly.
@5:03 - Jenn McCarron
So for me, this is not something I think I would write about, but for me, it changed my whole posture on how to behave, perform, interact, collaborate with, connect up with the folks that work at all of these companies.
And so I found myself in there just schmoozing, being very complimentary of everyone's product and what they're doing. How do I show you my product?
Even with Sandstone, I went right up to the CEO of Sandstone and I was like, hey, I'm Jenn. And he's like, I know.
And I'm like, I should show you my product. And I need to see Sandstone because I'm watching your success.
I'm very excited. So I made a lot, I made a lot of, and like, you know. Some of my ranting and posts in the weeks prior with you, I was like, this, OS, it's a lie, not , Sandstone, bunch of 25-year-old, they've never worked a day in their life, or it was like for an hour at McKinsey, and they got tagged and lifted up into the Silicon Valley machine.
Now I have a different posture, I'm like, I'm everyone's best friend, I can bring you business, and I'd make a great acquisition target, because I am the in-house whisperer, and none of them are.
So it kind of reinforced just my advantage, my unique advantage in the market, in-house whisperer distribution network of a certain type.
@6:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That's a cool way to describe yourself, in-house whisperer. Yes. That's like a, yeah, yeah. Are there, I don't know, common themes or patterns you've seen, I guess, in-house?
Like afraid of or just things they're struggling with or things they're like just trying to throw money at? Obviously like you mentioned AI, but are there any specific problems that kind of created that urgency to solve?
Or is it basically like what we've discussed over the past?
@7:30 - Jenn McCarron
I saw a few demos on the floor. And you're seeing the agents do a little more. The agents are extending further into the apps.
I looked at contracting products. The agent was negotiating the NDA. And great. And it was successful. This was with Luminance.
It was a very impressive demo. They were there. The agent... agent Regents are ready to sweep the bottom level of work.
And I don't mean bottom like it's worthless. It's just like it's lower risk. I used to see my VP at Netflix negotiating and redlining an NDA.
And I used to think, you're paid a lot of money. You should never see an NDA, ever. Your workday should be filled with the hardest problems that your expertise and brilliance is here to solve.
Not this. Get this out of here. So the agents are ready to sweep on the first level of work.
@8:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think there will be like a different org structure with AI agents in place? Because I talked to a lot of different agents, like companies and industries, and that seems to be the case, like restructuring.
yeah. Orgs are working.
@8:53 - Jenn McCarron
Meta's talking about their reduction in workforce. Amazon did one. Then, uh... Or It's Locke did one. And they're all saying AI, focus, productivity, and shifts.
So these agents can fulfill the first-level analyst role of a data analyst. That's what it does for us. But like a legally trained analyst who can recognize every clause and go, that's indemnity, and tag it without getting bored or complaining and messing up.
That's what happens with data entry. People get bored, complain, or mess up. No one in America does that work well because we're very privileged.
So we farm it out to India where like they'll do it because they're not privileged and you get it done at a fraction of the cost.
Is the quality there? Is it thorough? Is it accurate? hit and miss. It's expensive still even with that. Yeah.
So yeah, I would, I mean, we're structured differently to scale because of AI. We're not going to. We're as much.
My CTO's dream is to never have a CSM team or customer success team. Can you imagine?
@10:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, that's his dream.
@10:12 - Jenn McCarron
I was like, good luck, dude, because that's like my third hire, so I'm not it. And you better have an airtight UI to get us to that place.
And every three seconds, I find everything wrong with the UI because we're still so new and it just went live.
But that's his vision. And what he means by that is how do you put AI in as all the base level coder, QA, or API checker, metadata mapper roles that are a part of the success of our software?
And that's what he's building. That's how he's building with AI first. Everything that has to be done, can I push it to AI first so that I don't have to think?
about hiring or doing it manually.
@11:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah, kind of similar. like, yeah, always asking whether AI could do it first and then the human rather than the opposite.
Have you seen, I guess, the examples you mentioned, like Meta, Amazon, Block, those are more like, as you mean, tick-tick.
But have you seen conversations where in-house legal teams are being restructured with AI? No, they're not there.
@11:28 - Jenn McCarron
They're not there yet with AI. They're barely, they're barely adopting. They're barely able to even see over the horizon of like, the very messy CLM, the very big unwieldy like thing they just spent a lot of money on that has a lot in it, but still can't be searched.
And they're going, what? I thought we could search. Why can't we? So they're not there, I would say, in the next like, six to 18 months as they start putting it in and seeing, oh, ND.
NDAs, done. We don't need that outsourced service company to do the NDAs anymore. Let's just let this agent do it.
Let's lean in and let the agent do it. So we'll go live with Blackstone. We're about to sign with them, and we'll go live in the next two months, fully live with the enterprise.
We'll do a pilot, and then we'll kick into the enterprise version. And that means on 10,000 agreements, thresholded 100k and up, they'll start getting savings.
They'll start getting cost savings in six months on all their vendor agreements and leverage to the hundreds of thousands.
So yeah, I think in a year's time, everyone's going to start cooking with gas. And I would do the same thing.
Not to be harsh, but it's business. It's not family. I would replace anyone with... The tech immediately and immediately dispense them from the desk and be like, you're free.
Go do something else. Because the last thing you want is someone doing a job that can be done by tech that'll just become, over time, dead, kind of dead in the water, low value job.
@13:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. And I probably wouldn't enjoy it anyways. So it's not fulfilling. So why do it? Exactly. Okay, cool. Yeah, because I was going to talk about like the legal OS thing, but I'm thinking maybe because you mentioned you were looking to like try Sandstone and maybe there's like another angle we could kind of frame that instead of like, yeah, screw the OS.
I don't even know what their product is.
@13:49 - Jenn McCarron
I found out, so I'm glad we didn't say anything because their marketing is kind of vague. They're like, we're the control tower for legal.
And I'm like, what the hell does that mean? I don't knock them for having vague marketing because what's also like tiring is like doxum and pre-sig and all these terms that are so document heavy.
So I found out that they might be a pre-sig platform for like intake and pre-sig contract stuff. So I'm actually going to their offices next week for a demo and to hang a bit and show them our product.
And I can't wait and maybe cool stuff can come out of that. If there's like some story where their product plus my product equals a new like frontier of something.
That's what I'm hoping to find when we demo to one another.
@14:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Or potentially even like they could, I don't know, white label contracts like AI into that platform. So yeah, I tell this to every vendor and nobody takes me up.
@14:59 - Jenn McCarron
Bye. And I'm actually shocked. Here's an idea for a post. I'm shocked by how few vendors in the contract space have taken me up on white labeling the software.
Nobody can do semantic vectorized search. It's a difficult computer science problem. Why is everybody standing off? Like, you think you're going to go build this?
In eight months to a year, I'll have all the customers signed by then. What?
@15:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Well, yeah, what's the thought process? Is it because they're kind of thinking build versus buy versus, like, what's the thought process?
Because, I mean, Javi and Lagoa, maybe they recognize their weaknesses, hence why they're acquiring other startups. But I guess, you know, what's the thinking behind?
@15:55 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, think Harvey and Lagoa are on the upswing of new frontiers. Year of growth, valuation, size, legal tech crossing into tech thanks to AI.
Legal tech being a frontrunner in tech because of AI. I think companies like Isertus are SaaS companies of 10 plus years ago.
I mean, Isertus, maybe even more. When was Isertus started? And they're just stuck in their ways. They're very stuck.
2009, Isertus was stuck.
@16:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
17 years. 17 years.
@16:36 - Jenn McCarron
I mean, look, Isertus bought Dioptra. Cool. But I was just with, like, the Isertus sales guy. And he was like, oh, when I go back to the office, I'm going to tell them about your product and, you know, try to, like, just make some more connections.
There there between me and them, and he basically wrote me some email after that was like, I spoke to everyone, and like, womp, there wasn't much there.
There was no interest. I'm looking for his note. Or they just don't care. They're all just doubling down. Okay, David, he shared our conversation with his leaders at iSertus.
The idea is going to be flagged with our AI leadership team, even though I'm not sure where we are today with AI partnerships.
Worst case, our leadership team gets exposed to contracts AI. Best case is we actually have a discussion to explore possibilities.
He should have just said, nobody gives a here, we're incompetent. Bye. Like, that's what that reads to me.
@17:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Bye. Yeah, it's like the most vague answer you could give, vague rejection.
@18:08 - Jenn McCarron
Like where we are today with AI Partnerships, you just bought Dioptra. You should be looking at your heartbeat on a monitor and praying it doesn't flatline.
Where are you today? You should be partnering with everyone. But I don't think anybody cares until I come in and I have their customers.
I think once I start signing all their customers and we have a shared customer, they'll wake up. I think money is just, fortunately and unfortunately, the combo starter in all of this.
And in this like quiet phase where they don't know my product or if we've sold and the value it brings, I think I'm in this like eye of the storm.
@19:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Has partnerships been a big strategy for Contacts.ai, or is it more like acquiring customers? Because I remember there was a bit of both, but I think...
Customers are my number one strategy.
@19:18 - Jenn McCarron
And as I get them lining up and they might have that technology, I go to that company and I'm like, hey, who was it?
Doc Juris. Worst name ever. We should do a partnership because we might have a shared customer very soon and I want access to your APIs.
I want our own sandbox. That's all I want. And if the customer likes it and we connect the platforms and they're like, these two together are my new favorite thing, then we go out and do press or do press before.
@19:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I don't care.
@19:56 - Jenn McCarron
I Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. And it's like a part of it, but I'm not leading with partnerships because what I'm finding is I'm like spinning my wheels on calls with people.
I'm wasting a lot of time. And I need the time to implement and make customers happy. Yeah.
@20:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay.
@20:20 - Jenn McCarron
So I would say it's like 90-10. Okay.
@20:26 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. What's been some, I guess, learnings you've had around like category design and building a new category? Because I imagine there's probably...
Yeah. Can you share some learnings or lessons so A lot of people just turn to me and go, oh, so you're a CLM.
@20:46 - Jenn McCarron
And then I'm like, oh, so you don't listen very well. No. People are very ingrained with what has been.
And they, in this... It's terminology even bought in to what CLM says it'll do. And I'm trying to break that apart.
I'm trying to break something that's been hardened into the industry for over a decade and go, it's not lifecycle.
It's a bunch of pre-sig features. So I have to educate a lot. I have to demo a lot. I have to teach.
@21:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
have to explain.
@21:26 - Jenn McCarron
I am, like, at the end of a day or a week, I am gassed out from the energy it takes to mount the education, the demo, to read their signals, to wrap it into terms they understand, to make it about legal, to make it about a bridge to finance.
It's a lot. And we were looking, as you know, at two different ICPs with legal and finance, which is also a lot.
@21:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think, like, I've heard where there's, like, ways, like, different ways. I guess trying to create a new category.
One is kind of meeting them where they're at and then trying to kind of pull them versus creating like a very distinct vision and then hoping they will get there by themselves.
And so I guess like what's been the approach that kind of- think I've done the vision as a starting point to just like land.
@22:26 - Jenn McCarron
And I've landed with the vision, but I don't expect anyone to get anywhere. They, no one got anywhere with CLM.
They just listened to the marketing and all these sales guys named Doug and Scott sell them this software and this vision.
And then the SaaS companies deliver not on all 27 things. They deliver on like five. No one can get anywhere on their own.
That's why they all work in corporate. Like there are people who go into the tracks that exist in the world and do-
Do the work really well of those tracks, but you need people like us to design new things in the negative space and go, hey, here's a vision of, okay, let's do five demos where I'm teaching, explaining, and getting you creatively lit up over this.
You're seeing this vision with me, and now you're able to look over your current thing at the company and go, I could start to see the value.
And so they say, I want to license the software from us, or do the pilot, and then I have to meet them where they are.
I meet them where they are from that moment forward. mean, even the demos have to meet them a bit where they are.
I'm always listening first. How do you want to see this? What's the pain point? And give a demo that hits on that, but when we implement, it's all about meeting where they are.
And we launched with our first customer yesterday, and they won. And it has to do like a crawl, walk, run.
And crawl is about meeting them where they are and helping them get their arms around what they think is the first big problem, which I agree with.
And meeting where they are is like doing this over 100 contracts first and then 1,000 and then maybe all 50,000 at the end of the crawl phase.
Yeah. Wow. Yeah, so no one gets anywhere without partnering with us and we can't get anywhere without partnering with them on the actual application of this software to their company, their workflow, their business problems.
it's like they're strategic partnerships. I had a moment yesterday during a pricing call where I just let the guard down.
The procurement guy asked me at Blackstone, he's like, Thank you. You probably can't tell me this, but what does this software cost for you to manage?
And I was like, , what do I do? Yeah.
@25:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@25:12 - Jenn McCarron
And I'm an honest person. I value that. And I quickly had to go into a decision-making matrix where I'm like, what does this mean to me?
And I said to them, I basically decided on the spot to tell them my cost of infrastructure and running stuff through LLMs.
And I said to them, hey, what's most important is that you guys and us, we enter into a strategic partnership and we define this market-defining software together because you see it.
It's your vision and we're delivering. We're, I know we're onto something. And I said, we're the same team. Of course, I'll tell you.
If you look. I'm through that lens. I'm on your team. And that's how I work. And yeah, here's everything I have.
And I told them my costs for processing and tech infrastructure. And I was like, wow, I don't think Doug from iSertis would do that.
And they're in a different stage. They're 19 years into something, etc. They shouldn't do that. But we're at a different stage.
We have to define a market. And what does that mean? I'm the same team with these people. They're not even customers.
They're teammates. And we're going to figure it out. And they were like, what do you think it should be priced now that I laid it all out on the table?
And I was like, if I were in your shoes and I were buying this and I know what it could do and I'm bringing in five companies like Blackstone wants to do, 10,000 contracts in a year, I'm like, 25k.
He's like, great starting point. I could digest that. So get my leadership to digest that. And then we expand over the years, if it works.
And at the end of the call, they were almost gooey with me. Like G-O-O-E-Y. They were like, this is amazing.
You're amazing. We believe in you. I'm like, you guys are really nice.
@27:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
okay. I thought gooey was a bad thing. No, no.
@27:24 - Jenn McCarron
Gooey, like soft. They were kind of mushy and almost more like professionally sentimental about this. Like we're so excited to work with you.
Thank you for telling us those numbers. And they asked me for just one more analysis via email to come so they could go to their leadership and go, okay, we could do this.
We could do that infrastructure. What do you guys advise like from a security perspective? And now we know the cost and that we're not going to like make you operate at a loss.
And they were like. Like, we promise if this works, we're telling everybody. And then Cassie goes, I know it's going to work.
It already does. So there was a new equilibrium at the end of this call. And I kept saying, this is market-defining software.
So whatever it takes for us to be in a partnership, just name it, you guys. I'm ready to roll.
It was cool.
@28:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That is a very, yeah, different way of selling because, like, my default would be kind of asking a question, like, what kind of insight are you trying to get from that question?
Or what are you hoping to get out of that, if I do answer that, you know, to kind of gauge the intention.
@28:49 - Jenn McCarron
Like the question of them asking me my cost?
@28:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, because, like, what value does that give them? Like, are they trying to see how much of action? Yeah, basically.
@29:00 - Jenn McCarron
They were like, we need to understand the cost of this software to even understand how to value it for ourselves.
It's all so new. And our leadership is tough. Our leadership wants it for free. And they said, we're not going to let that happen.
And, you know, these are also, these are private equity people. Like, it's a bigger sell with money people to put money on something.
Thank God it's software that's about money. So, yeah, we have their attention because it's software about money, but they're hard on the process.
And so they were pretty transparent. They're like, if we can comfortably go to them with the lowest possible number that we know you're covering your bills with, we're in, basically.
@29:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, because I guess. Another part about new categories is companies don't budget for that because it's new, and so they're kind of having to pull that out of somewhere.
@30:10 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, they're pulling it out of the mid or Q1, Q2 budget cycle that's already planned and really tight, and they're pulling it out for now.
And great, with the company we signed with and kicked off with yesterday, we've been in it with them since October, November, so they were able to put something into the budget cycle for this year.
But even so, the way my peer in that company, my peer as in she's a legal ops person that I've known for years, we know one another, she looked me in the eyes in the camera and said, I fought really hard to get this budget, so the faster we can make this work live, show value, the better she looked.
The better it all works, the better it delivers. And I just looked at her like, oh, we have to cook for her.
@31:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And I love it.
@31:10 - Jenn McCarron
I told her, don't threaten me with a good time. Let's try to go live in three weeks. I don't care.
I'm a complete masochist taking that on and doing it. So, yeah, it's market-defining. And so they have to fight really hard.
And the way that that woman looked at me and said she has to fight, had to fight. I look at that from a real camaraderie perspective where I'm like, oh, wow, you fought for me.
You fought for my vision and something I believe in. And you believe in it. And half of the reason you believe in it is because I'm behind it and the other half is, or we, me and the co-founder, and the other half is, it showed you stuff on the spot.
The tech worked. Like, that's a huge responsibility. And that's... That's what I started feeling with Blackstone yesterday, how much they believe in us.
And I was like, that doesn't even have a dollar value, name your price. And I don't care if we operate.
You know, if these first deals are loss deals, it doesn't matter because these are the, I kept saying to them, like, you are going to help us anchor this into the market, into the product fit, into procurement.
And they're literally saying, if this works, they're like, we already told KKR. We're telling everybody. And we're telling, we're going to the conference for procurement people and, like, getting up on a microphone and telling people.
@32:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, that's really, like, a foot in the door. Is there any, like, tactical things you do to kind of arm the champion to sell internally?
Because I know that is, like, I guess, quite a hard task for that person. Tactical things we do to.
@33:00 - Jenn McCarron
Arm them to sell? Yeah. Yeah, we basically deploy the environment at our cost. These are unpaid pilots, all of these things.
And we just deploy them. We integrate them with their CLM or their other system. We give them the keys.
We put test data in for them, or they can upload their own test data. We're giving them the environment.
And enough demo context and understanding to run with it. And from what I know, what has happened at Blackstone is Cassie has gone around the company showing the demo from the environment we set up for her.
And a lot of people have seen it.
@33:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is this like a familiar way you've seen companies sell in the past when you're a buyer? Like having this environment?
Or was it something that you wanted to kind of propose? Because you didn't like how other... ... Puppies sold.
Does that make sense? Yeah, it makes sense.
@34:05 - Jenn McCarron
It's definitely a method I picked up more at Netflix, was to do a proof of concept of anything. And I did, you know, by the time I left Netflix, we counted it up and there were like 55 to 60 tech products or programs.
Like put into place, improving some workflow, improving something. And most of those had a proof of concept. And we would build something really small, validate it, show it to people, the customer, and go, is this what you think?
And if they'd say, oh, this, but that, that, that, we would go back to our developers or our tech partner.
A lot of time they were outsourced tech partnership deal. Yeah. Relationships and go, do that, that, that, build that.
So we're all building stuff without money coming in. I did a lot. I took my vendors like over the line of what's acceptable.
And then once we would like get to the place to sign the deal and expand the thing, the deals would be huge.
Like with our CLM, once we got there with the CLM company, we were like, yeah, we'll give you a million dollars a year.
Like that's absurd. That's a big, big revenue stream. And now that I'm a startup founder, I really understand what I gave to that founder when I issued and authorized and I fought for them to be at Netflix in the contract stack of tech.
I put my, I I on the line. I put my reputation on the line. My reputation got like a bit sometimes negatively affected because of them.
Because it was going slow or taking too long. And so I really understand that. I lived it for many, many years.
And so I like the idea of proving it out in a small way and basically building, developing, giving it to them for free.
And go, use this and show your people and let me know how it goes. And we just did it with a customer that we're going to sign.
We're going to sign a firm, a firm, big Silicon Valley, like finance, lending, e-commerce company. Oh, e-commerce. Yeah, they're not e-commerce, but they're like, I think a firm is in the checkout process of all e-commerce.
Like you could do a firm or the other one where you could like finance stuff instead of paying for it on a credit card.
think that's their product. Yeah.
@36:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Big logo, big startup.
@36:57 - Jenn McCarron
And they're like. We did actual developing of the tech and integrating with their CLM a lot of work for free, and my CTO couldn't believe that we were doing it for free, and I wanted to be like, you've been out of the game, dude.
You've been out of the SaaS game. I've been doing this for years. I have been pushing my vendors beyond the limits of what's acceptable in their typical SaaS playbooks and going, I want different terms.
I'm me. And if you make it work, it will come back to you tenfold. I didn't even put all this together yesterday that like what I was doing with Blackstone is like direct what I was doing at Netflix.
@37:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And it's not usual.
@37:48 - Jenn McCarron
It's not the usual way of rolling out, selling software, etc.
@37:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. I was going to say like, what does it feel like now being on the other side? Side of the procurement process as the vendor being evaluated.
@38:08 - Jenn McCarron
It feels like a really great challenge to fill that void in of who we are, how do we run the tech and the risk and the cyber and the data management of it all.
Who we are as leaders and former in-house operator people and then to show them the tech, UI, how it works.
It feels like the yang to the yin of many years and I could not have imagined staying in this field at all.
I was almost gone because staying on the yin side and doing the same job I've done at the last few companies, it just didn't interest me any.
After Netflix and that fight, that constant fight you have to do, that presentation, getting leadership buy-in, putting your neck on the line, it was awesome.
I learned. I just was done. Now I'm putting my neck on the line in a bigger stakes way. It's just like higher stakes, higher risk, higher sacrifice, and potentially higher reward.
So it's pretty thrilling. Yeah, a little like, a little more stressful in some ways. The wind blows harder when there's no walls around everything, like I am the walls.
But I kind of like that. I like hard mode.
@39:48 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
That is quite addictive. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think. I I have everything. I actually was curious about your thoughts on the logo post.
Oh my god. Like, how about that? That was very interesting in terms of a lot of people sided with the other one compared to what you have on the current website.
@40:21 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I mean, objectively, like, I know this for a fact, neither logo is that good. They're just, like, a refresh, and you're the next thing to get to the next thing.
And both, like, people went to the website and sent me feedback on the website, which I wish Funny didn't post, but he did.
And just the type, like, the typography and everything is just, like, not great. And I feel like I need, I need to throw another 50k at all of this, and I don't have that to throw.
But that's just, like...
@41:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Was this from the UI designer? Yeah, UI UX.
@41:05 - Jenn McCarron
She gave us a new UI UX logo refresh in a website in two months. That's bonkers. That's a lot to do in two months, right?
Yeah.
@41:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm. I mean, like, do you, is your kind of feedback around the website that you don't like, or is it the, like, product UI?
Because I don't know, yeah, I think the typography, the logo, I think there's a lot to be improved, but, yeah, what specifically?
Are things that you don't like? Just looking at it right now. Yeah, I'm looking at it, too.
@41:54 - Jenn McCarron
When you all caps something, you lose legibility. And the brain reads it and goes, Contracts A? And our brains are very fast and they read, and all caps is a mistake.
Yeah, I think so. And then if we put a space in between Contracts and AI, then there's just an awkward space.
AI needed to be designed, and I don't know why she backed off designing. There was a design where the AI two letters were actually designed and had some of this triangular stuff worked in.
And she just didn't have the time, and she's not a logo designer, so she was just like putting something together very quickly from a generalist perspective.
And then, to me, the size of Contracts AI font, it's not integrated with the size of the image. The image of the box looks smaller, and there's not balance there, and there's not balance in the weight of that logo, icon, and the font.
@43:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. I still like the, I like A better.
@43:24 - Jenn McCarron
I still do, but I really understand why people might, like, go, like, what you saw in the comments. Some are like, ooh, it makes me anxious.
@43:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I was reading through all of it. I was like, ah, very interesting. Yeah. But when I was, yeah, because I remember we were talking about doing, like, a website re-launch, but then I wasn't sure if it was this version.
It's this version. Okay. Yeah, I thought he was putting it up.
@44:00 - Jenn McCarron
And then he just finished it in two days. And I'm like, I wasn't ready for this, but okay. And so we could still announce it in two weeks.
It's not like, you know, if we still want to use it as a post. What do you think about the logo?
Like, should I switch to B just because everybody wants it?
@44:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I, because of the nature of polls, it's, I would probably do it because otherwise it's like, oh, I'm just getting attention.
And hence why I did this post. And I guess like there needs to be, I'll say, some justification on why you're kind of going against the votes.
That's kind of my thinking. Yeah. Because part of building public is. You want people to kind of be on the journey, get bought in, have a say, whether it be like, I don't know, products you create or features you create, it's like, oh, I think this would be a really good thing.
And then maybe a lot of people vote on it, and then that becomes a reality. And so it's kind of, obviously, the founder's job to filter what should be done based on priorities, based on the vision.
But I think for a logo, it's not as high stakes. And so if it were me, I would probably go with what people voted.
But yeah, that's just me.
@45:33 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, I mean, it's incredible. This thing got 20,000 almost impressions. It's still going.
@45:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah.
@45:48 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, my designer friend I saw liked it. I'm going to text her and tell her I hate both. I don't hate both.
They're fine, but they're not it.
@45:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I think the... the... So the font of the logo was what kind of put me off, as you mentioned, like all caps.
And also the weight of the letters, it doesn't feel very premium, very like enterprise feel. This felt like a WordPress template that was kind of done quite quickly.
That was the feeling that it gave me, like even throughout the, like the page. Other than the UI, like the product UI, like I felt like I could have done this pretty fast, and I'm not a designer.
I could see like the template, like the left, right, left, right, and then text, some subtext, description. And yeah, it felt like a really quick, quick job.
That's definitely what it was.
@46:55 - Jenn McCarron
And what happened with the UI was, you know. There total kind of breakdown between designer and engineering team, and I still don't know, I still don't have a sense of, like, who sucked here?
Like, who sucks? I just want to objectively know, where are we missing skill and the ability to communicate? Because somebody sucks, because that was a painful experience to get the designs to engineering and engineering to get it in.
There were a lot of mistakes.
@47:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, on the development side?
@47:27 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, it was really frustrating. think, like, it's a function of back-end engineers doing front-end work, and they don't have an eye for detail for it.
They're not, like, great at full stack, and that took a lot more time from her to get that all in and answer questions and, like, test and refine, so she had no time.
Right.
@47:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Um... Mm
@48:00 - Jenn McCarron
Maybe I'll call in my friend who's a designer to fix it. don't know.
@48:07 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Out of curiosity, was this paid per website project? Or was it a retainer you have with the designer on a monthly basis?
@48:21 - Jenn McCarron
It was scoped for like a set number of hours to deliver a end-to-end to deliver it all. The UI, the website, the logo refresh.
All within this like pretty pre- like two months basically.
@48:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Is this done through wave? Oh no, no. Is this custom? Oh, this is custom coded? It's custom coded.
@48:55 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, we used a template that is- It's a wave flow. Yeah, Webflow. We worked off a template, but it had to be custom made.
@49:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Why is that? Is it just because it needs to connect to the back end? Couldn't you do the front end using a website builder and then connect it to something?
@49:17 - Jenn McCarron
I thought, but for some reason, this engineering team had to build the last one from scratch and had to build this one from scratch.
And then this designer was supposed to work within the template, the Webflow template we bought. And when he got it, he's like, I can't work within the template.
have to recode everything. So this is, I don't know. These are not my fields. I'm actually pretty frustrated by the whole process.
Would have liked for things to be further along, but it's certainly like further than we were. It's just not there.
@49:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Because like, yeah, I know a few designers. don't know. is And like, obviously they use like a different tech stack, but they would do a much better job, in my opinion, at this.
And at a much cheaper price because they're like from Southeast Asia, like India. Like per page would be like maybe a thousand, a thousand five tops, I think.
So let's say if there was like three or four pages, like it wouldn't be like the 50k you mentioned to kind of build that.
So I think it's more just aligning what the tech stack could be. And I'm not sure if you talked to Fanny about like the front end and like what the website should be, but I would assume you can do a website builder and lower that cost.
And so obviously when you do edits, you can also edit to yourself because it's not like non-code.
@50:52 - Jenn McCarron
I would assume my hands are a little bit tied right now on funding for this. We're a little bit stuck.
you. Thank Like he has to hire, like I'm even looking at, all of this text is not, it doesn't even look like vertically centered in the blue box.
Like this is the level, and you can imagine what I deal with in my application UI when this level of detail is like off by a few pixels, all I do all day is fire off tickets on this.
It's pretty challenging for me, it's a lot that's off and it's, I don't know, it's just not integrated to my earlier point.
@51:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
even like if you scroll down as well, like the border width of the Blue boxes. Oh, this keeps rolling down.
Scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll, scroll. Oh, yeah, like these sections, like these blue boxes on the left. Like the padding on the, it just feels off.
Like the way this blue box is higher than this? Like this padding?
@52:23 - Jenn McCarron
Even just the text.
@52:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So like surrounding the like automatically group related agreements, blah, blah, like the, it doesn't feel very clean. Oh, yeah.
I mean, yeah. And like the, the weight, like the hierarchy of the font, like it should be smaller than the like above font.
Maybe scroll up a bit. Yeah. Like it feels like the same, same size, just one is bolded, one's not.
So there's no, like visual hierarchy in that. Yep.
@52:57 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@52:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm.
@53:04 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah. Yeah, like the text.
@53:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, like this is not center aligned as well, like the ability to exceed, that should be center aligned.
@53:21 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, welcome to my hell, people who don't have attention to detail and launch it before it's done. I struggle with this.
I spent my morning on a demo with a customer firing away tickets on stuff not working. So, yeah, it's not ideal.
have to jump to another call in a minute, but I'm going to screenshot all this up, though, and hammer them with it.
That's my term. When I work with these engineers, I have to hammer in the tickets, and I have to sometimes, you know...
with about, has So, Say it four times, so that I have to overrule, like it's just off, or trust me, I know what the user wants when I'm inside the app.
@54:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah, yeah. Keep me posted on that if I find any bugs. I guess if you have a next iteration of the website, I'm more than happy to review it as well.
Pick out anything that I find off, or just bugs in general. I'm very good at finding bugs. I see this.
You have an eye. have a great eye.
@54:31 - Jenn McCarron
And so what I'm finding is I keep trying to go to make a video of a feature, and nothing is video ready because of this stuff.
I find details in the features, and the features aren't fully cooked. And Funny told me yesterday, in order to get the Word plug-in to where I now want it, he has to redo the code base, or put in a whole new code base for those features.
So I just, like, don't have anything yet, because he builds a lot, but not... fully, and there's not a lot that's fully showable in the video.
So as soon as I can get something into a one-minute video, I'll shoot it.
@55:10 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Awesome. Keep me posted. Yeah, I'll keep you posted. Yeah. Awesome. Great to chat. Thanks, Osman. Talk to you soon.
You too. Bye. Bye-bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 8 transcript.docx ===
VIEW RECORDING - 59 mins (No highlights): https://fathom.video/share/cFT94oQt49cu73SAiaapazf8pLavUcmZ
---
0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  How are you? Oh, you have a new background today.
0:04 - Jenn McCarron
  I'm doing good. You have a new background today. Oh, yeah, I have a new background. I wonder why. I was like, I killed a bunch of them and just went neutral on some backgrounds probably the other day, just playing around.  Ah, nice.
0:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Busy week? So far, so good.
0:27 - Jenn McCarron
  Um, last week feels like kind of like a big growth pain and jump forward kind of a thing and both like, you know, experiencing that copycat thing from Ironclad and not that they copied features that are publicly what we're doing on our website, but it's the private convos and the kind of dirty aspect of like being in an acquisition evaluation talk and then they just wrote it all.  So, Thank Down dissed us and built it and built things very specific to us they would have never thought to build if I didn't watch her write it down when Funny explained it.  Like, that was intense last Thursday, and it made me flicker hard. And then, like, going into the weekend, you know, I work on YouTube videos.  I put those out sometimes, and I put out a video last Friday that was probably going to be my best performing video in a while, if ever.  It had 6,000 views and 200 comments or something, like, opening 48 hours. And it was awesome, and I accidentally deleted the video on Sunday.  I was doing a minor edit to it and moving too fast and not paying attention to the editing software.  And I hit publish, and it was like, this overwrites, can't undo. And so I did that. So great. I mean, I have the full video.  I was able to just, like, repost it as a new YouTube video. But even my subscribers were like, uh, deja vu.  And I won't get that initial climb again. And that is like playing out in my brain. And all that to say, like, I've come back this week with like renewed focus, renewed, like bigger chip on my shoulder, renewed energy to like double down on.  Like even the video we're working on for the product feature for the first one. I'm, I'm, when you gave me that newscastery, I, and I know you kind of said it, not even as like a positive or negative.  You were just like, this is my perception. And I really thought about that for hours and what I love about that and what I don't.  And it was like, I don't want to sound sterile. I don't want to sound explainy. And I killed the video and rewrote it from.  With a little, even more, a little more of that YouTube mindset, which you have too. It's the content mindset.  It's what's the hook. Put the thing right up front only and know I'm Jen and I'm CEO of who cares?  Like look at my LinkedIn profile. If you really care, this is no longer about me. And when I make YouTube content, it's never about me.  It's about, I'm always like, what do they want? What do they need? What perspective do I have uniquely that I could go shoot and give them some cool version of that?  And I hit something really hard last week with the, the YouTube of it. And I want to, and now I want to just hit even harder with you on our content, on these videos, on the LinkedIn of just like, what do they need?  And just deliver that in the most poignant, concise, clear language that goes in quickly. Like they, to your point, they might not even watch the video.  So they need to see the text. And they might see the video going on mute. And so the subtitles of LinkedIn will be going so they can see what's happening.  But the subtitles won't be this and this and this. Like I had such long, as you know, like just more explainy and killed.  So yeah, all that to say, I'm doing great. I feel a little bit like I went through a fire all around and I'm emerging from the other side, like ready for the next level.  And man, what a christening into the next level. I went through some heartache in the last week. Damn.
4:39 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Yeah, I think it's very brutal in this kind of environment where actually, has this changed how you think about demoing the product in the future?  Like let's say when a CTO comes in, would you still want to demo to them? Or how do you kind of gauge that this doesn't happen again?  Thank you. Because that's kind of like the, what is the lesson learned and then how to prevent this?
5:03 - Jenn McCarron
  Yeah, the lesson learned from the ironclad thing is, I mean, like, I don't know. This is tough because I have to show this to everyone.  I have to go for the widest blast radius that there is. And I knew as soon as she started asking for that level of seeing the product, I was like, what was I going to say to her on the phone?  No, I'm not showing you. Then everything is over. Then the potential convo of anything, partnership to acquisition in the future is over.  And so I don't know. I knew, though, I felt weird on the call. And I knew, and if that came up again, like, for instance, another major PE company approached me to broker.  We a conversation between Agiloft's CEO and us on potential partnership, white labeling, future acquisition, like all the things. Agiloft is a competitor to Ironclad.  Agiloft is doing quite well in the market, been around 10 years. They're CLM, and they don't do deep AI deeply.  And they're thinking about contract intelligence, and this PE company, plus KKR, plus another, took a majority stake in Agiloft last year.  That's Agiloft's big, quote, exit event, first exit event, is they went PE, ownership. And so these folks are their boss now, and they're like, we're out scouting for new cool companies that Agiloft can meet.  I might be on a call with him and or his CTO soon. And rather than say, yeah, here's the whole demo, or no, I'm not showing you.  What I would do if that happened this afternoon. I would say, hey, I just did a demo to Ironclad in December, and they spit on it, but recorded it, and they built everything I showed them.  So, like, how are we going to do this demo where I don't feel gut-punched in two months by you?  Like, you tell me how to do this so it's mutually beneficial and not a one-way gut-punch, and then I watch all my features come out in your platform.  That's not the best feeling, and that's not what I mean by partnership or more. And so I would actually, like, maybe put it right in front of us and go, you want to win in the marketplace?  It's not taking from what you see from us. It's partnering because there's no way you can go as deep as fast as we – and then I would turn it into a sale and a partnership kind of a thing.  But, yeah, I'm not – all I have to say, I wouldn't walk in and do it that way ever again.  I put a little bit In front of us and use that conversation to go, what do you want? What are we talking here?  And be transparent with me now, rather than what Ironclad did to me, which was not how you play in the ecosystem.  And so I'd feel really good about that. And they would be so taken by my bluntness and my fool that they might like it too and see, oh, this is a straight shooter and someone we'd want to work with.  This is a person of integrity. This is like, whatever, like, I just, I wouldn't, as hungry as I am to win in the market right now, I would not take a feature I watch someone show me in a private kind of circle of trust demo and go build it and blast about it.
8:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  My thinking when I first heard it was like, have you had cases where the CT CTO joins a call so early on because like I would assume the buyer or the users would be kind of kind of doing all the procurement, the due diligence, trying to figure out whether this is actually a tool for them.  Then they would bring like the CTO at the very, very- Ironclad is a CTO.
9:18 - Jenn McCarron
  You're not understanding. Ironclad is a contract lifecycle management company that's been in the market for 10 years. I had a conversation with them because they know me.  I used to do marketing for them on like a side grant and I never was a customer of theirs, but the founder knows me.  used to help them in some ways. I lent them my brand during their rise and I was in-house and my friend worked there.  then Ironclad founder Jason was going to come in as an angel to my startup. And then he found out it was me, got mad, backed out.  Then my investor, who I don't like anymore, Malin, walks me into Jason's office on an apartment. So I walk in with this groveling with this man who has a very big ego and felt a very egoic threat by little me.  And with his 10-year-old like system of record SaaS solution, like throw up, I would never build that. So I have to go in and grovel to him.  Jason, I would never build a CLM, which I wouldn't. We're not competing, which we're not directly. Exactly. Let me tell you what we're building so you know how I'm moving out there in the market.  And our customers are going to cross. They already are. And let me tell you some of the things they're saying and how I can extend your platform.  At the end of the call to that founder, I said, oh, you know, I'm just going to throw this out there.  Like you guys should consider acquiring us at some point because it'd be a really strong play to get both the talent and the tech depth into your product.  And he goes, oh, interesting idea. We're thinking about that. In order to take that combo forward, I need. The CTO, Sunita, to do a meeting with you and look at it with you and kind of give us her take, her stamp of approval, et cetera, for that to go forward.  She's our technical eyes and ears. And that's why I was walked into the lion's den with her, and she's a cutthroat Google politician, Google exec politician.  So she had a stone-cold face the whole time. She doesn't give a  about me or my history with them.  And is a ruthless, like, builder. And she took notes fiercely the whole time, asked deep technical questions, and I started getting uncomfortable and funny just telling her everything.  And my, John, our advisor, was like, ugh, you told her the this, this, this, and this? And I'm like, yeah.  And he goes, they might steal it all. Shouldn't have done that. And I'm like, yeah. It just would have been an awkward.  How do you have a potential future acquisition combo without showing? The technology. So yeah, it was the right call for them to send the CTO in.  I just didn't know they were going to do it like that. And at the end of that call, she said, this is a really thin moat, but impressive.  And hung up and said, she'll help the partnerships combos like stay alive in terms of like the proper channel, company partnership, integration, sandbox.  And one day, if it's good, maybe a press release. And she did. And then she went and told her engineer team, build all of this that she wrote down.
12:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  , that is dirty.
12:39 - Jenn McCarron
  It's dirty. Yeah. So they don't realize like, she might have all the Google exec-ness and all of this like political shark stuff.  No one's dirtier than me. I am a jerk. I am an aggressive. I'll say aggressive player. Like when I played sports in high school, if someone's.  So pushing me and doing light, cheap shot stuff, when the ref would turn around, Osman, I would do bad things.  I would do bad things, especially during field hockey season when I was holding a stick. You could really just pop, like pop.  When I'm struck and I feel struck by someone and I was done dirty, the gloves come off for me and they have no idea.  But like, I'm just, I had to get myself right all weekend and go, it means winning in the market.  It means tripling down on this video and making sure this script is airtight. It means going harder. I had a talk, a hard talk with Funny and the engineers, like we're going to have to go 20x harder now to stay ahead of them in innovation.  We're already ahead, but they've been. Is objectively where we were last July, if that.
14:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Cool.
14:05 - Jenn McCarron
  And it will be very hard for them to advance at the speed and the depth that we can. And we're already ahead.  So now we have to stay, you know, instead of from last July, like 20x ahead. And that's where I'm putting the tenacity.  And if I'm in customer calls and they're complaining about Ironclad, I'm taking extra note and I'm going extra hard now at trying to help them obviate any Ironclad data in anything.  Like our first two customers are Ironclad customers. And this is the irony, Osman. I'm sitting in a spreadsheet looking at all the customers' export of all the Ironclad fields and the usage and all of her complaints, her overwhelm, and where she wants us to save the data strategy.  For that company, and cut through all of this, and do the data defining on behalf of Ironclad. And the IT woman said on that call yesterday, Ironclad's probably going to be the system of record for the document, and contracts AI for the data.  That's how we should think about this. I mean, I just laser, I just cut Ironclads. On that call with that customer, I just kneecapped them, cut them at the knees.  And that's how I'm going to win, and very slowly and methodically on these calls with customers. And I'm no more Mr.
15:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Nice Guy.
15:43 - Jenn McCarron
  No more like, well, you need whatever, I'm just, I'm going for savagery and bloodiness. And I don't want to lie and ever say you should replace Ironclad, because I don't know the answers to those things.  People need a system of record. answers the don't those things. I I I And I still believe the CLM Foundation went in and has a purpose to serve in the enterprise.  But that doesn't mean that we don't come in and add on this intelligence later that extends and extends and stuff like that.  But if they're going to  copy like that, I cut. I'm going to cut through and help these people, my peers, who I did this work with for so long.  I did the work so long. I'm going to help them in a way Ironclad can't because I am them.  Yesterday, my customer got back from vacation. had our working session. And she's like going into depth about the data workflows and how she wants us to fix this one thing.  And she had to like kind of ramble about it for a minute to explain it. And she's like, oh, I feel like I'm just yammering.  Does that even make any sense? And I was like, Lisa, it makes perfect sense. I used to struggle with this.  Like starting workflow, user dropdown, metadata. Then contract goes offline, negotiated all over the place. The fee changed, that dropped down, everything changed.  And then ending, signature, going into repository, those 10 fields are different. And now someone has to metadata, recapture all of that.  I was like, contracts AI will do that. Of course. So now you'll have a starting and an ending data set.  And that's never been done before in CLM workflow history. And we will, this is a new discovery of the week.  Like she wants us to take over what they call the audit stage of the contract. So it goes to that intake, workflow, drop down, negotiation, drafting, drafting, versioning, back and forth, out for signature, back, signed, manual audit by people doing tagging before it like lives in the repository forever and goes into reporting.  She's like, you are the audit stage now. Success looks like no human is doing that on my team anymore and the data is off.  Awesome.
18:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  And I was like, let's  go. Let's go.
18:04 - Jenn McCarron
  And I understand that and that hole so well. And we fill that manual hole really well. No, Ironclad doesn't get that.  They don't invest there. They're kind of all over these features. And they did a little bit of this, what they launched last week.  But I'm looking at the data in the spreadsheet. And I'm like, oh, wait, it's still like a mess in those systems.  So I don't feel as threatened by the launch also.
18:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  I think a lot of the times, like these big companies just have the brand and the marketing to kind of shout loudly, but they don't have the tech to back it up.  And so as a startup, like as long as we like specialize and just really focus on what we're good at, I think we can just take over that side of things.  I agree. Yeah. Same thing with like in the sales and marketing, like the CRM is like. The equivalent of CLM, and so people have been trying to get rid of the CRM because it's so tough, so hard to use, like Salesforce, it's like a piece of , but then it's just so hard to replace, so it's just become like a necessary evil.  So I think CLM might just be that necessary evil, and there's like all these integrations that lay on top of it to make it easier to use.
19:22 - Jenn McCarron
  Yeah.
19:26 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Okay. Oof. That was intense. I was thinking we can still continue like the CLM kind of conversations because I do think that a lot of people enjoy every time we write posts about CLMs, and especially because like you've done it so many times, the granularity and the specificity that you get into is like what So makes you so unique.  So I think, yeah, we should probably double down on this. So I wasn't sure if there were like any specific.  Pain points that ironclad customers are facing, or it could just be like a general post around like why CLM implementation is so notoriously painful.  And I feel like we could probably talk about something like around this and maybe like common obstacles that most legal teams face and why these happen.  Yeah, great.
20:28 - Jenn McCarron
  Let's do it.
20:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Do you want to, like, is there any specific ironclad things that they face, or do you want to go more generally, just focus on CLM implementation generally?
20:50 - Jenn McCarron
  Several customers at ironclad customers have said to us their smart tagging feature is not smart. That they have some general.  That There's AI in there where the contract comes in and it tries to tag like 10 things and it's wrong a lot.  Like, for example, my friend scored it and they got on like 200 contracts and they got jurisdiction or governing law.  That's usually like California or New York or New Wales, Australia, the region of Australia law. It's very easy and simple and straightforward.  It gets that correct 59% of the time. What?
21:32 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Yeah.
21:33 - Jenn McCarron
  And in contracting, this could be a good headline because this is something I've always said when we were in-house.  With contracts metadata, like 59% of the time correct is actually 0% correct because a legal ops team now has to disregard that as a feature and go camp.  Believe it. You can't put bad data in the system. 59% correct means it's tagging 100% of the time. And if it's 100 contracts, that's 31 are wrong.  And if 31 are wrong, you don't know what 31 they are. You have to go back and look at all 100.
22:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  You may as well.
22:24 - Jenn McCarron
  It's the same time investment to fix than it is to tag correctly once. So the whole thing's zeroed out.  It's a zero sum, basically, or 100% reliable.
22:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  And that's a major fail.
22:43 - Jenn McCarron
  And we're being told this. Customer after customer of ours who happen to be their customer are making these comments to me like smart, smart tagging, like not so smart.  We can't rely it. A lot rely on it. But it came... Ironclad came up with all of these clause managers, some clause management feature, and I have no idea what it's doing.  It looks like nothing, and when I ask Ironclad about it, or like explain more, teach us, I don't get anything back that's useful.  And it's creating a lot of noise in the system. It's the feature set that they don't know what to do and how to maximize.  And it's like, it feels partially built to our customer. So she said to me, you guys are going to do all the clause defining and tagging, and you're only going to clause define and tag what's business critical, what's related and needed by the business, not like this, that they just have this long static list, and then it's not tagging.  But part of what, when she exported all the data, fields, and usage reports of those fields from Ironclad, all the clause  Clause stuff is zero, and there are 250 clauses. And so now we have to, like, she has to weed through that noise in order to do something in another system around this with data.  So that's smart tagging, not so smart. They're database over-defining and burdening the user with something, and it's not even giving them value to the same depth of that burden or cost.  They're not following through on making the feature fully working and understandable. And then there's one more thing. Oh, reporting.  When you need a report out of Ironclad, you have to go to the vendor. have to go to the company and request it.  And someone has to build it.
24:56 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  That's crazy. Is that not? Is that not a feature within the platform? I'm sure they have some basic stuff in the platform.
25:07 - Jenn McCarron
  I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt. But what she needs as the head of legal ops, as someone who's watching all the trains and the workflows running, she has to go get a report assembled by the vendor.
25:28 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Ooh, okay. What about, like, CLM implementation in general? Like, what makes it so notoriously painful? Because I think maybe we can write, we can start off with more general and then touch into, like, the specific Ironclad use cases but not mention Ironclad, such that, like, people don't really know.
25:54 - Jenn McCarron
  But, like, they can kind So what's making it painful is, from my perspective. Perspective, they sell you on, you'll be able to find everything you need.  If and only if you, like, sure, get all your contracts, documents in the box in one place. And if in a pre-sig sense, you do all of this intake and workflow of all the contracts so they're all visible and transparent and online, and in that, they become data-defined.  They don't. They don't. That's a lie. They used to sell me on that. Because it's moving over a workflow and transparent and visible to all, you get all the data you need.  You get some data that way. But the biggest data point in time and the lifecycle still comes at this post-signature tag extract to find it all.  And so they're selling this whole vision of, finally, the enterprise can have everything it needs, single source of truth, all in one place, and all you need.  What is a CLM to do it and start with pre-sig. And so they send us on this fool's errand of pre-sig building contract workflows so they move faster.  Now, it's not a total fool's errand. It's true that if you take something and standardize it, a contract template, and then you make it a self-service form with conditional logic in a web screen, and they select a bunch of things and do some inputs in a text field and drop down, sure.  Version 1, where they marry that data into the Word doc at all the insertion points, you can get a fast version 1.  And you can get that faster than you can waiting in line for the lawyer to, like, take your call and type it all up manually.  Yes, and you shouldn't have business people in a Word doc going, I think this goes here. And typing. No.  This. That's amazing. Doc Jen's amazing. But then moving it around finance, finance inputs, legal drafter, legal person sends it to external party.  It comes back to them in an email. How do you get that back into the workflow so everyone can now see, oh my God, version 5 did this, this, this, and this.  I need finance approval on this. I need FP&A to weigh in on it. How do you do all of that and not have the workflow completely break in a systematic workflow where you're editing a contract in an ironclad window?  No. No. It has to, it breaks. It stays in email. goes out and back email. It's Word doc, Word doc, red line, red line, in a Word doc, back, back, back, compare, back, back, back.  The workflow kind of peters out. And then the legal drafter or whomever, legal ops person. And then slams the final copy, the final executed draft in version 7, goes out, DocuSign, Signature, boom, bam, it's in the repository.  So that workflow kind of has a high potential to just like go offline. And then it comes back online and needs all human intervention in order to achieve the dream of finding anything you want in the repository.  And it puts an incredible amount of pressure on legal ops teams, an incredible cost of getting all of that manually back into the database on legal ops teams and legal departments.  It doesn't happen fast enough because it's not cheap to do and you have to have humans to do it in the CLM past.  And then they show up to search and they still can't find it because it's a metadata OCR style search system.  And that dream just does the end of the dream. Finding what you need doesn't become realized. And they're so hard because the CLM.  Mire everyone down in the beginning of the dream of building all of those workflows, which means you have to have templates, which means your legal team has to be agreed on templates that get stamped into a system for use.  Lawyers don't want to agree on the terms and the fallbacks to put into a system to self-serve their way through.  It takes them a long time to lock in templates and playbooks. I worked at Spotify, new legal department, unprecedented business models.  I worked at Netflix, newer legal department, unprecedented business in deal terms. They all had playbooks, but getting them out of their hands was really hard because they changed so much and on the fly.  And I like that for lawyers working in these fast-paced, giant startup, pre-IPO. Darling Netflix's, you know, I'm going to demo today, Cursor.
31:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Oh.
31:05 - Jenn McCarron
  And, yeah, and, like, other fast new companies, they don't have it all baked yet. And so some of these CLMs say, we'll give you some dream, but go bake all your pre-sig into, like, these workflows that will die out, stall out in the middle, or go offline.  And then to get that dream, you have to do all the tagging at the end. Oh, and our playbook feature kind of sucks and doesn't work the exact way you do, but it kind of works.  What works really well is intake, form, doc gen, move it around into workflow, the signature. Like, that works, but that's a simplistic form of reality versus what and how contract workflows in life work.  They go offline, they break, they're back in email, redline.
31:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  And, and,
32:00 - Jenn McCarron
  Redline, phone call, phone call, data changes. Those 10 inputs now got negotiated down into 25 different outputs. No one's system can do all of that.  And it's why I knock them for doing too much, not well enough at depth. And selling some vision of the end, post-sig end, that I'm coming in and now biting off and going, that's our vision.  And we're going to really make it happen this time because we're focused on only that.
32:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Oh, these, yeah.
32:37 - Jenn McCarron
  So all of that workflow defining and readiness that you need for a CLM takes a long time. It takes a long time to work in with the legal practice teams, change, manage, get the forms, and then you have to configure the tech to it.  That doesn't take super long, but all the readiness does. And then you have to configure and test tech. So they're long processes.  And then that whole world plus the promise of what they're trying to deliver requires the legal ops team to do an incredible amount of work on like metadata defining.  And that took me, I had to get a full-time role going on someone to define the metadata of this CLM so that it could take inputs from the CRM, so that it could interact with vendor management system up here, and so that it could feed into a finance system down there.  You want to have metadata that can at least be congruent with other systems. And then there's companies with CLM.  My last point here is when you decide to put in a CLM, they're always coming from a very fractured place.  We have contracts over there. We have that old system. We have that SharePoint folder and like Sally's desk. All of that needs to come into the box, and it's a manual tagging.  Or a very expensive manual exercise where you hire an outsourcing team to do it. Human manpower. And it's expensive, inaccurate, not as fast and complete as us.  So that's what it takes to put a CLM in. And this is why this stuff can take years.
34:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Damn. This again reminds me of the CRM where the software was so complicated. So what ended up happening was agencies started to pop up because in-house teams didn't have the expertise to handle the CRM.  And it was so technical and things would break all the time. And so there was like a very specific way of doing things.  And then after the agency left and everything was kind of broken, then they would hire like another agency to kind of fix everything.  So that was very hectic. Like it wasn't just like the tech. There was a lot of human involved, which is what you mentioned.  It's a lot of human involved.
34:52 - Jenn McCarron
  And, you know, what people don't talk about enough in the CLM world. And what I had to really teach my co-founder is.  This whole thing, your contract strategy for tech and process improvement and workflow, it actually all should be set to the contract type level.  So you go into a legal department, you have to find out how many contract types are in this department and start to bucket those and understand, okay, these are from the sales revenue bearing side.  These are from the procurement buying side. These are the product agreements. These are the privacy agreements. And there's so many types of agreements.  In the sales agreement in a company like Cisco, where I work, there are 900 types of sales agreements, different regions.  There are channel partner agreements and service provider agreements because 90% of Cisco's business was through the channel. So how do you, how do you, I mean, we put all of those online with playbooks.  Like I learned this at 50 billion. Fortune 500 scale. And what I learned there is you can't put most of this online and you need this, you need flexible, adaptable, multi-solution processes, programs, and tech, depending on the type of contract and how it needs to move across the enterprise and its system starting point and end point.  And there are different starting points because of the different business types and contract types, therefore, and there are different end points.  Some need to go to that system to trigger a bunch of procurement things. Some need to go to the CLM.  And those integrations can trigger things with finance systems, sure. But it's not, there's no one path. And I think at Netflix, there were like,200 contract types.  And I just say to my team, working down the list, just trying to decide how they move. Who need to move and how best to move?  And do they even need tech? And where to start first? And you try to start with the highest volume, lowest risk contracts.  That's why everyone talks about NDAs, and we had some other ones that were in that category. Because if you can get those off the plates of people, great, now they get to focus on higher risk, harder contracts to complete.  There's a lot of contract types in every organization, and I think that adds to the time, because there's variability in all of those.
37:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Oh, I can sense juicy posts to come, which is good. Can you explain the post-sig, so the revolution or the vision that, what is that about?  Is your definition the same as ironclads or the CLMs that they're selling? No, not at all. Not at
38:00 - Jenn McCarron
  They're starting to take that language and say things like, Malbec did it today in their really cringe videos that they make, interviewing customers in really dark settings.  It's like, okay, so I watched their video, which is a podcast excerpt, and now they're saying, there's a goldmine of data in your contracts.  Now they're starting to all say this and contract intelligence. So they're borrowing the lingo and they're borrowing the vision of what companies like us are saying, but they're not able to, first of all, you should never call it a goldmine of data.  Because it sounds like then you're going to mine data out of the contract and that can actually rub legal the wrong way.  One of my investors who I sent the ironclad launch to and went, well, I feel validated. They completely copied us and she said, number one.  No customer testimonials, so that just means it's all hat, no cattle. There's no product there that's even worth it yet.  It's not a good product. And she said, number two, they've been reposting on LinkedIn all the same language. Ironclad actually had 150 employees repost the announcements, all with the same blurb.  Real marketing might, to your earlier point, they have big teams, marketing teams, branding teams that have been sitting on my LinkedIn for a month.  I saw them. And they all use this language, and Malbec did it today, mine your contracts for data. And that's just like, that will rub legal people the wrong way, because it will sound like, we're mining your contracts for data, and then we can sell this to other companies.  And it's the question I'm asked the most, how are you using our data? And we're like, we're not. It's your data.  We don't do anything above databasing it. And when you're. When done, you hit export and you're out. That's it.  So they're using the language for sure, but they're adding that on as another feature like Ironclad did. There's still a document system of record database that's about OCRing and workflow and precinct.  We are about becoming an intelligence layer, a data platform for the enterprise, a place where you don't even have to have your documents in it.  We're just creating data and transmitting that and handshaking that around the enterprise in an agentic way. Like that's what happens when your data is turned to data and vectorized the way ours is.  And then we're building agents to take it and do things with other systems. That's very different than the vision.  That's our vision and they can't have that yet. If they have that, they can't focus on the rest.
41:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Hmm. Is that, like, the whole, I guess, post-SIG sort of revolution? Or is this, like, a tiny piece of what you think could be a bigger end goal?  Hmm, let me read first. Where is System of Systems Intelligence Layer?
41:25 - Jenn McCarron
  They're a system of record for contract documents. With us being System of Systems, we provide intelligence across platforms. CLMs won't do this.  We can connect and match and reconcile invoices. We can connect and match and align to POs. can family tree all of the above.  Then you can ask Chad, show me all 10 orders on this account in Q1, 2026, and show me the status of all the invoices and where they got to this year.  number. to And our chat's going to go and do that. A CLM can't do that because then they have to become a data layer of other systems.  And that's not easy to do. That's not a simple computer science thing. So they're really built to stay as a silo in legal, for legal, and promise to connect to other things.  That's sure. Every technology has to promise that today. Yeah. But we can sit on top and in the middle of all the systems and be a system of systems with intelligence between them.
42:45 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  When you mentioned Malbec and these other companies talking about the contract data intelligence, I was thinking, would you want to...  Potentially even quote these big guys as validation that you guys are on the right direction. Yeah, I'd love to.  Let's try it.
43:07 - Jenn McCarron
  Let's play with all the fire. I'm so honored to see that my little idea of contract intelligence and extracting...
43:21 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  You're catching attention by all these bigger players.
43:24 - Jenn McCarron
  Yeah, is now being built and rebuilt by some of the largest CLM players in the world. Guess it's not a thin moat after all.  Yeah, all the gloves are off and whatever you think is going to get... Like, you know, I have to always remain neutral, positive, open, but can be edgy in the right way without ever totally calling people out, like singling people out in a negative way.  Yeah.
43:58 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  So, yeah.
44:00 - Jenn McCarron
  We just have to find that right edge. Like, I don't know if you noticed, but in the rewrite I did on the video of the hook, I wrote four versions of this, but then I said it this way.  I said, the systems today still expect you to manually tag all of this. And I made this face. I was like, contract, side letters, amendments, thing.  The systems today are making you do that. Well, that's over. Like, wide-eyed again. Let me show you. At first, it was like, today's CLM systems are making you do this manually, and I'm sick of it.  But I took it down to be factual, but not as pointed. By the way, just sidebar it, before you take that note forward, the video as I showed you version B, do you feel it's good to go?
44:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  I will usually when... Usually with these, I would probably watch it multiple times. So I think, let me watch it after this call again, because I probably watched it two or three times.  I'm trying to make sure it is doing its job. So yeah, let me watch it after this call, and I'll give you more feedback as well.  Because I think there were a few things, but very, very small. Yeah, I'll let you know after this call.  Okay, great.
45:31 - Jenn McCarron
  Because video, I have an editor, and he's waiting. Oh, okay. I just can't keep him open for days. We have to finish it, and I'll cut more.  And I keep wearing the same outfit, so I can cut again. And cut in if needed. So yeah, if you can take a look and give me anything final.  My only one final note is in my hook saying, well, I say, well, that's over. I want want I want to take the well out and just say, that's over.  That's over.
46:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Because well is a softening word. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Okay, yeah, yeah, let me get back to you after this.  Awesome. Coming back to, like, the bigger players, kind of validating the vision of Contracts.ai, would you want to mention those bigger players?  Because essentially, we're kind of, like, the things that they're doing is, like, public. Like, they're, like, publicly announcing it on, like, LinkedIn or something.  So potentially, we could reference those. But I'm curious if you want to or not. Or just keep it anonymous.
46:40 - Jenn McCarron
  My only fear there is any of my potential customers who are Ironclad customers are just going to go, oh, I'll just wait for Ironclad to build it and not call us.  Because they're not going to understand it. They're going to see on the surface level, Ironclad's doing it. Oh, we're good.  Kill this deal. I'm afraid deals of ours will die. Because... Right. Of people's lack of understanding of the feature set, and I don't want, I'm not sure about referencing, it might cannibalize my actual plot pipeline.
47:11 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Right. The angle I was getting was more like, oh, it's really great to see these like bigger players validating what we're trying to build, but here's why they can't build this.  And here's like, and just talk about like the nitty-gritty that goes into building the technology and like, why, like what makes contracts very unique.  And then maybe a quick reference, like the CLMs as being like these general players that can't do everything great.  Like they can only do so many things. And so that's where we come in. So that's kind of the game.  Yeah, okay. Yeah, sure. All right. I'll play around and then, yeah, I'll leave you, that you have a look.  But if we don't, then yeah, I'll just like, yeah, it could be a fun one, I think, because there's been cases where like in other industry has worked with, not like not the  Great competitors, but they're kind of just -talking each other based on posts that they've made, and it just blows up because it becomes so funny.  It's like, oh, they've just raised, like, their price by X amount. Oh, we're just going to offer this for free.  Give us a try. Like, these kind of, yeah, and then they just stole their customers, like, overnight, which is quite funny.  Yeah, I love that angle.
48:24 - Jenn McCarron
  I'm still, like, I'm still, like, in some fear over what happened last week that it could absolutely snuff us out as a company, and I'm, like, still a little bit, like, do I shine a light on them?  My LinkedIn is a light. It's a beacon. It's a signal separator from noise, and anything or anyone I mention gets the light shined on them if I tag them.  And then algorithmically, something happens, too. And so there's the actual emotional. For me, there's the business bit, and then there's what happens with the algo.  And if people, if this message isn't crystal clear, people are going to see it as an ironclad commercial, because I have a past of being an ironclad spokesperson.
49:17 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  What about Malpik? Malpik, is that the name? Yeah.
49:22 - Jenn McCarron
  I mean, they're talking about it. I don't know that they're talking about contract intelligence on their website. And then, what's it called?  Agile Loft is the one that's a conversation happening behind the scenes.
49:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Okay, let me have a think about it. Might not, then, because you're right. It could just be free commercial if people associate you with ironclad, and you're kind of just giving them free publicity, good or bad.  Yeah, I don't know if I, I'm on the fence.
50:00 - Jenn McCarron
  I see a great post in what you're talking about, but they just have so much more might. They can take 150 of their worms of employees and take something I'm doing and just elevate it or twist it around so fast that all of a sudden, and the wording would have to be so careful.  And will they read my whole post or will they, will Ironclad customers just, will they just see this and go, oh, Ironclad has this now?  I'm good. I'm not going to call Jen. And I'm in the climb right now and it's a really sensitive like moment.  So let's just think on it and play with it.
50:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Okay. Okay. I'll just add it to like a future potential idea then. Cool. One last question. What's it like working as a non-technical founder with a technical founder like Vani?  Um, because it's always a, there's a lot of communication barriers, um, that happen because you kind of like don't understand what they're talking about and they kind of just, I don't know, give you deadlines or whatever.  And so have there been learnings around communication that you could share?
51:18 - Jenn McCarron
  Yeah, I'm, I'm in the saddle with an engineer and when you speak to an engineer, you got to give them like, it's got to be a zero or a one.  I've always thought this, when you work with engineers, why they're so good at doing what they do is because they receive a requirement and it's binary.  and literally they're, they're the people who draw zeros and ones to make all this software happen. And so they need stuff in a binary way.  Are you telling me this or are telling me that? They're not always the ones to be, if you have to be in a, in a deciding phase or you're in the ambivalence phase, is...  On a decision or something, you can't go to them to make something from that. You can go to them as strategist thought partners and help me think through something, but you have to preface that with engineering more so and go, we're in the middle ground.  But yeah, communicating with an engineer is a certain form of communication in order to get things to go into the product.  And I have some experience with that, but this is the most direct experience because it's all day and only about one product.
52:41 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  What about like product decisions, like what gets built and priorities and just timelines on when something will be released?  Because that usually can cause a lot of miscommunication. Maybe it's like, oh, I expected it to be done in like a month and they're like, oh.  Maybe it'll two months or three months. And so how are going to handle those as well?
53:12 - Jenn McCarron
  Like miscommunications?
53:16 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Yeah, potential miscommunication. Just because as a non-technical, you might not know how technically challenging a particular feature could be.  Or just timeline-wise, for example, you mentioned the Word plugin or something was not ready and there were a few other ones that weren't ready.  And so was that like a symptom of miscommunication or like what was like the root cause of those?
53:44 - Jenn McCarron
  The root cause is, and I think it is for a lot of this stuff, is urgency and prioritization and relevance of urgency and prioritization and when that should be done.  That is all, that's a moving target in the startup, especially. Early Days. And sometimes he says, well, we need customers on the platform in order to know what to build.  That was his starting point. And I quickly obliterated that and said, it's going to take nine months to 12 months to get a lot of users on here in a meaningful way.  We can't. I am the customer. I was in this role for almost 15 years. So don't forsake what's sitting in front of you.  I will sit in demos and the pilots and the POCs and all of it with them and start to feel the thing that will make them more interested.  That's valuable. That current system doesn't do. A customer a couple of weeks ago said to me, us versus Ivo.  They were like, does your word plugin work in O365? Because Ivo's doesn't. And that's a differentiating factor. So on my way out of that meeting, I called him and said, build it and test.  It to completeness for production now. And so he did right away over the next few days, gets it production ready.  And then I look at it and it's a piece of total  because he doesn't know how and what a Word plugin should look like.  He needs more requirements and user input. And for me, I'm like, when in doubt, go sit on Ivo's videos online.  Start there. They're a learning tool, not just like a copy everything tool because we don't do all of that, but they're a learning tool.  And he showed me a version of the Word plugin and I'm like, this isn't ready. So I find this a lot that he'll go and urgently build things and get it that much further and he'll show me it and it's not ready.  It's very glitchy or the workflow isn't there. And I have to come in and put my product brain over it and hammer really hard.  And the harder I hammer as a product person, the harder he goes as an engineer and takes it to the standard.  Of like where where it should be to present in to the customer or like these videos are a great example.  had to write him a very tough note. That's like everything you're building is not video ready. It's therefore not customer ready.  So try finishing some things this week. And he got the  fire beneath him to finish a bunch of stuff last week.  And all of a sudden it starts all clicking through. And then the Ironclad copycat controversy, he put a fire, a new fire under us that is like more hours to get some of this done more quickly.  Am I answering your question?
56:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  This feels more like a like a co-founder thing rather than a non-technical and technical, which is OK. I think this is like it could be like a like a post itself as well.
56:47 - Jenn McCarron
  Well, for not like he said something really big. I have to run last week. He said his job as a technical co-founder, CTO.  Is to take any of my dreams, visions, product ideas I think up with the customer they think up goes through me and make it happen and basically never say no unless it's like completely bonkers and out of scope of the product or insane in like left field.  And so his job is to get it there and like make my vision come to life. And when he said that, was actually really reinvigorating for me.  was like, that's right. Like I draw, you build. And I don't need technical, I don't need technical skills, but I do need a technical understanding of what goes on.  there are times I do have to sit and go, okay, teach me vectorization so I can have, build my own technical understanding of it.  And I'm, you give me a little with tech and I'm dangerous because my brain gets it. I think I have engineering building things sensibility.  I'm just not a coder of a certain kind, except I was with visual basic. When it's visual, I am like.  I'm like in the matrix, but with coding, I'm not, but I can understand what goes on. I mean, I write spreadsheet formulas that are amazing.  He writes them like this. I need time to write my spreadsheet formulas, but one of my spreadsheets is running Blackstone's payroll right now, one of my macros that I built.  So I can do, like I am, I have a technical-ish enough brain. I wouldn't call myself non-technical. I'm just not a coder.  And I think the problem with a lot of founders is they're not at all technical. They're the pure sales, the pure strategy, the deck guy, the deck gal.  And they can't. I can. And that's why I've always, I made the most money in legal ops and tech roles in the industry.  They all wish I put that data point in the comp survey because I'm technical and I get it and I can switch back.  So yeah, I have to run to a demo.
58:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
  Okay. Thank you. Let me know ASAP on video and we'll talk more soon. Sounds good. All the best for the demo.  Bye.

=== [Contracts.ai] Week 9 transcript.docx ===
Impromptu Google Meet Meeting - March 31
VIEW RECORDING - 86 mins (No highlights)
@0:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Sorry to keep you waiting.
@0:02 - Jenn McCarron
A lot of things going on this morning, but all good things.
@0:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, that's cool. Good progress then.
@0:10 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, so close to closing Blackstone. Oh my gosh. And Striker. And I had meetings with them all yesterday and now we're just in these like pricing emails that take me so long to...
Figuring out pricing for a huge company who wants it for free. It's a great challenge. It's very hard.
@0:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Ah, that's not a good thing because there's such big companies. It's terrible.
@0:41 - Jenn McCarron
No, like the smaller of the big, they're all big companies I'm talking to in terms of stature or revenue or brand.
And the biggest, biggest in terms of money in the bank, Blackstone, they know what they've got. And power over this and leverage.
And so they want it for basically costs, but they're, you know, promising to tell all their friends and make a splash in their industry about it.
And I'm like, that's cool, but like, you're asking me to pay for your tech out of our, like, we're going to run a deficit on costs.
So it's actually been a very stressful for me negotiation and a first time doing this kind of negotiation of like, for so big, for such small money and learning, learning.
@1:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What about these, like, other ones? Similar obstacles or I guess a bit better in terms of...
@1:36 - Jenn McCarron
The other ones, I mean, the war got in the way of one of them. And so, you know, geopolitical global stuff.
Hang on, I just have to flip this AC on because it's going to be hot in here today. The war, you know, Stryker was the company that got hacked.
By Iran as a retaliative effort in the war going on over there. So it's just delayed and it has scrambled the people we're working with.
Like they wiped every person's laptop and like Microsoft Office servers got wiped there. Can you imagine? Like all the, all the.
Yeah.
@2:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@2:22 - Jenn McCarron
So weirdly it's still on and it's still going forward, luckily. And it's just like a timing and working through a bit of the inconvenience of that in terms of systems and stuff.
@2:37 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh man, I can't wait until these close. They're like so close, but also. They're so close, Osman. They're so close.
@2:46 - Jenn McCarron
And, but I like, I feel really good about them. Even if one of them dies, I'm prepared emotionally. If any one of them dies to just soldier on and find the next one.
And I'm. Prepared also, like, as these close, I got to go, I got to get the next, like, four coming up through the funnel that are great names, great partnerships, the right mix.
So, yeah, I'm excited. I'm really pumped.
@3:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I'm really pumped.
@3:16 - Jenn McCarron
I'm really pumped on just generally, like, I'm happy with what the LinkedIn is doing in terms of constant narrative.
It feels like the algo is just putting us at the top. I'm hearing this from a lot of people.
Our customer, first big customer, Alex Partners, our contact there is Lisa Black, a peer of mine from Legal Ops.
Wonderful, wonderful collaborator and peer. And she said on our call yesterday, well, she said, Jen's LinkedIn is my LinkedIn.
Everything she says comes right to the top of my feed. Like, what a good proof point that this. The Algo is putting all of this in front of our legal ICP.
@4:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Powerful. that's awesome. Yeah. That's so good. And I guess one of the reasons why I sometimes don't look at impressions is because if our bias set isn't a lot, we're just targeting decision makers as long as we're reaching the right people and they're seeing our posts, that's all that matters.
Because going viral means we're reaching a bunch of potential randoms. And so obviously it could be good, it could be bad.
But obviously, like I said, if it's something to do with our product announcement or like the feature announcement, like the contract family one, yes, we should definitely boost that if possible.
So yeah, we can talk about that later as well.
@4:45 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, let's talk about that too. You know, I'm working with a co-founder who did a small startup before this that was just him and that broke even and that did not scale.
And he is, you know, an engineer. going to lot lot of going going Thank you. Brilliant Engineer, IIT grad from India.
Marketing, storytelling, schmooze in the form of narrative-based, colorful marketing. That's not his thing. And he has an MBA from some who-cares American college, but he thinks it means more than it does.
And he challenged me on promoting the post. He's like, I did this with my last startup and it didn't do and I couldn't track conversions or anything.
So get clear on how and what you're going to track. And it's even hard for us right now to track the overall blast that is the LinkedIn because it's a cumulative thing and you feed it enough with consistency and the right hook stories.
And then it just keeps going over three weeks and plants like short, medium, and long-term seeds in people's minds.
And all of that is happening on a platform I already built for myself prior to this. This isn't my first LinkedIn go.
It's sort of my second one with all of this and you and the strategy. So it's a reawakening of, and it's, I don't know.
I'm feeling a little frustrated with his very, like, what's the word, like?
@6:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Out of curiosity, like, what was the product that he built for his previous startup? Was it like a B2B selling to enterprise or was it like a, like a small ticket SaaS platform, like less than a hundred bucks a month kind of thing?
@6:50 - Jenn McCarron
And it was something like that selling to lawyers and he was selling to small, medium lawyers or law firms.
And. It did enough to cover bills and break even, but it was not to SaaS Enterprise. It was not a Fortune 500.
And he challenged me on partnering with you. He said, this is all crap. I could hire someone in India to do it for a dollar, and it still won't work.
And I was like, well, watch this, because I know how to make it work, and I know Osman does too, and we're going to do this thing.
And I'm very excited about it, and all I want to do is iterate on ideas and different hooks and keep learning with you and just keep shooting, taking our shots.
And now we have a video that had, that video, as I checked it on Saturday, Sunday, had 16 and a half hours of watch time.
It's a one-minute video. Cannot be ignored as, like, that to me is the data to go, let's try boosting for two months and see if...
This it'll reach, you know, 5x more ICP, and will it touch into procurement ICP? Like, maybe. And do we follow up with those as ICP?
Because as you know, that's like future, but he comes in everything from like a zero place and a rationale that's hard.
And then I don't know what's happened with my co-founder. He's like awoken this week and trying to tell me what to do with marketing.
And I'm like, like, stick to the product, dude. Go code a feature.
@8:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah. So the sort of pushback that I would have is, especially when you're selling to these high-ticket buyers, most of them are not ready to buy at any moment in time.
Maybe only 5% of them are ready to buy. And so to get to that point may take three months, six months to nurture them.
Up to the point where, okay, I need to solve this problem. There will be maybe two. Two, three, four brands that come top of mind.
And so for the really big companies where they're already doing a lot of marketing, it's like that's why Harvey or Legora, they are like the default brands because they're so loud.
A lot of the stuff that they're doing cannot be attributed. Like let's say even with Ramp hiring Kevin from the office, like what is the ROI of that?
And that's where the difference between brand and performance. Performance is like we just want to put an X, get Y dollars.
But there will be a point where you're saturated all that 5% and you're just targeting the 95 who are not ready to buy.
So your cost per acquisition can skyrocket a lot. I've experienced that with past companies I've worked at. We were trying to target, let's say 200 bucks per booked call.
And obviously the first one went well, second one went well. And then we're like, oh, like the algorithm, like maybe like we were targeting meta.
And we're like, oh, why is it getting more and more expensive? It's like 250, 300. And we tried to question the agency that we were working with, like what's going on?
And they're like, just not a lot of people are ready to buy. Like, that's the thing. So we just started targeting people outside of our target audience.
And the salespeople would complain. They're like, these guys are not qualified leads. Like, why is marketing sending these leads to us?
And so there's always been a constant battle of like, how we reduce cost or efficiency of spend versus quality?
And so I think that's where brand and a lot of our competitors actually won because they actually spent quite a bit of money into brand and content.
And so their cost per lead was like maybe 50 bucks, 70 bucks compared to us, which was like 200, 300.
And yeah, we're just trying to spend so much on ads. We're spending like, oh, actually not so much, but I would say 30k a month on ads.
So it's still not a small size, like small budget, I would say. So like 30k on Google ads and then 20k on like meta ads.
And yeah, every month, like the C-suite would just be like, oh, like just. Looking at that cost per lead, cost per booking call, that number is what was our North Star metric.
As long as that fit the 200, we were good. And every time it went past, the agency would question them, and then we'd just churn a bunch of agencies.
We'd hire them, fire them, hire them, fire them. And so it was crazy. Especially with B2B, these enterprise deals, they will not be purchasing at any moment in time.
And especially when you're creating a new category, you have to educate people on why this problem should be worth solving.
Because if they're like, oh, why do I even need to do this? Then obviously, even if you put out a solution and you try to target product features, product features, they just wouldn't get it.
Because it's not a burning priority in their head. You have to instill that, you have to educate them, and that takes time.
@11:54 - Jenn McCarron
It takes time, and it takes what I understand and how this works on a plan. You try everything and you study the results, what worked, what didn't.
You thought a hook would do better. Sometimes things we write do better than we thought. And we keep cultivating a larger narrative and doing this weaving in the topics.
And he was challenging me on the Friday post last week, like, why did it get such low traction? And I said, well, we had a huge post the day to two before with the video that is still getting traction.
And sometimes Fridays, just depending on what goes on in the world of Friday, it could be a softer content day.
Sometimes the Friday algorithm I found wants something really personal and super lighthearted. And so we put a topic about, I think it was the market defining category and it still got some, but it just wasn't what.
@13:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The video was.
@13:02 - Jenn McCarron
And he's like, well, stop. He's like, stop posting on Fridays. And now he's giving me topic suggestions. And I said, stop engineering this.
This can't be engineered. It's content. Like, it's engineered from a content creative and iterative and narrative perspective, not in the zeros and ones.
And he's pushing back on that. And now he's like, telling me topic ideas to do on Force Majora. And I was like, we did that three weeks ago.
Like, please, please stop telling me how to market. I don't tell him what coding languages to pick for the platform because of what I read in an article or what I learned in waste of money business school.
So yeah, I'm like a little bit frustrated with that, all of that. And I will talk to him about, you know, his ideas that need to like basically go into a box.
And more than likely not be used in this effort. Because I believe in what we're doing. And as you know, I do a version of this, but on YouTube with different stuff, content.
And that's the Creative Valve release for me. And that does better than all of this. Just like I found a groove after a year and a half.
And that like hook writing, studying the ICP, it's the same stuff as startup. And it's hitting because the audience just goes, shoot, and they want it.
And that's what like we're doing a version of here. But shoot, they want it has to be the software in time when they're ready to think about that problem space.
They go, wait, I have a head full of information. What about that person, Jenn? Yeah, yeah, exactly.
@14:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Like if it was able to be studied like zero to one, every engineer who wants to get into the content would crush it.
Because like they always had that logical processing kind of brain. And so, yeah, it's not that. No one has really cracked the LinkedIn algorithm, not that I know, and so we're all experimenting, trying a bunch of stuff based on the audience, and it's always like, and the nature of social media is something that could be working this month could be different working next month, and so we always have to tweak things, like even the topics, right?
It's like, oh, maybe a year ago, there was a topic that was super, like, just went super viral, and to the point where it just got talked so much, everyone was discussing it online, and it just became like, they just got numb by it, and so it had to move on.
So it's very human, it's very social, it's not like ever doing like a blog, where you're like, oh, let's do content pillars, and then just hit it, like, for the volume.
Yeah, it doesn't really work.
@15:47 - Jenn McCarron
No, and I'm with you that there's real humanness to it, there's arts to it, there's some science, like, that post you put out was really a helpful.
Re-certification of all the things to think about as I do this with you on LinkedIn. And a good reminder that text is still king.
And what I'm observing, even since we started working together, and you've been kind of holding me back in the gates, like, wait on video.
Like, well, we're going to touch here and there, and we're going to use my skill to make the thing.
And then you're even, like, every two, three weeks, all of the – not only the Harvey and Legora, but all of the smaller sasses just around, the legal tech sasses, are all – they're all hammering on high production video right now.
And Harvey Legora is making TV grade. Yeah.
@16:42 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Great, great.
@16:44 - Jenn McCarron
And I'm seeing all my peers basically, like, people who were, like, analysts, independent consultant types, thought leader types. They're all getting bought, and their faces put on all of that in the feature, and they're the co-host, and they're all these, like, really boring gen.
corporate people with nothing else going on in terms of their work life. Nobody plays bass guitar, plays in a band, scored films, and makes a YouTube on the side.
I'm an anomaly to the corporate sect. They're all doing the one thing and raising families' respect. So this is a glory moment for them.
But when I watch the videos, I'm like, it's corporate gobbledygook. Two, they're not good on camera. They're good at being corporate people doing the thing that they do, whatever that is.
And so there's this like asymmetry going on of like gobbledygook, high production. It feels like vapor content. It's like, what is there?
What is coming through and going, oh my God, I need that. Like people in our video for the one minute went, oh my God, I need that.
Oh my God, this, it's so simple yet not solved. People are like, why didn't CL like, like that's real.
That's all real. Problem and solution proposal that's going on behind that in a show-not-tell kind of a way. So, yeah, I'm, like, glad to keep holding back on video because it means when we do do it, it will be quality and really people will know, oh, she's putting a video out.
There must be something real here, like, to see.
@18:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah. It's, like, they should anticipate for the next video because every time a video comes out, it's, like, a new feature or just something that maybe, like, a recognizable format for product announcements releases is video.
That could be, like, our thing. And if we do video, like, almost every week, maybe it could be good, but then also people might just be tired.
They might just be scrolling through the feed and they might not even consume the text, which is the meat side of things.
And so they're, like, oh, video, they don't even consume the video, they don't even see the text because the text is, like, cut off.
And so that could also... So ruin the impressions and also like LinkedIn is kind of airy-fairy with whether to kind of be more TikTok, be more less TikTok, so yeah, I think that's, yeah, that was one of the reasons I was like, ah, I do believe you have a really good personality for video, but I think, yeah, for now.
@19:18 - Jenn McCarron
But I do, but it's not, for me, it has to earn its place next to this product, and that's why like John, as you know, John's an advisor to us, and funny, we're like, you have to say your name and intro yourself in the video, and I'm like, no, they can read and they can read.
They need to take this feature in, and I need those four seconds, just, I need those four, like that hook was so tight, it was tight, and it was like zero to try to, eight seconds and get them in, and I even fussed over when.
Whether we say, the current systems of today make you do this yourself, and then the last minute I wrote the current contract systems of today, and I analyzed that word like, and challenged it, like, do I, do I, I had a worse version of that that was more transparent, your CLM, like, and it was very like, Iron Clive makes you do it today.
But I thought every word through, because it has to be about the product, like, even over on YouTube, I have a personality that can talk, nobody wants to hear it, unless I'm going like this, ready?
This pedal is the one, and I'm going to compare it to this, and then I'm going to turn nine knobs, and I'm to compare it to this, and then I have to go like this, demo, demo, demo, demo, back to back.
They yelled at me for talking in between the demos, and it was a fair point, like, don't interrupt what their ear is now figuring out in these products, and it's, it's master.
It's like, you want to learn how to make content? Make content on a strategy three times a week on LinkedIn, know, once a week on YouTube.
That's the biggest teacher. And I'm fine. Like these, this feedback from like John and funny and stuff. I'm like, guys, go do something else.
@21:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Wait, is this, is this John Sanchez? Yeah. Okay. It's funny because like, he is like nothing like you in terms of the marketing brain.
And so for him to give the feedback, it's, um, yeah. Interesting. Yeah. Do you have a tight deadline? Do you have a tight stop in 29 minutes?
No, I don't.
@21:46 - Jenn McCarron
Okay.
@21:46 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Cool. Cause yeah, there's a, like, obviously we have the normal interviews, but then also kind of want to run through a bit of ads and then also chat through the thoughts behind the newsletter.
And, uh, like what was. Oh, what was that about? I'm curious.
@22:05 - Jenn McCarron
Again, I hired a part-time person to do revenue ops. And so Funny meets with her to give his thoughts on where to focus her time at all different points of the funnel and turning our funnel into data and follow-ups for me.
That's the place. That's what revenue ops means. And I don't ever have to go into a CRM again. It's not a good place for my brain.
And he shared the notes with me, and him and her talked about starting a newsletter as a marketing tool.
And I just nixed it and said, no, we won't do that. I've done newsletters so many times in both personal, professional, personal, and at work in the company.
No. Why would we do a newsletter when we just made a one-minute video that got, you know, 16 hours?
It's a view time, and so much, and it's going to reach more people. Focusing on a LinkedIn post and good hook writing feels to me like it's reaching more people than any stupid newsletter can.
And newsletters, as you know, are hard. They're copywriting.
@23:19 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
They're headline. It's another hook.
@23:21 - Jenn McCarron
It's another visual. It's another, it's another. And when you wrote that this morning, like, what if we did company update?
Great, let's play with that format and put some of that out there. But it was their idea, and neither of them have marketing brain.
And I'm, like, ready to tell everyone to just, like, stay in your own lane. I don't want the marketing help unless your name is Osman or you make content for a living.
Or you're my ICP, and I might bounce something off. Like, whatever they say to me, that's direct. Like, Lisa, our customer yesterday, saying.
I see your LinkedIn's and it's my favorite and I love your content. She's interacting in the comments. She's very interactive.
So that's great. So yeah, that's the thought is they want to get info out to I don't know whom.
Maybe is it a current customer thing? I hate the idea. hate newsletters. I was actually kind of curious.
@24:25 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Were you the one that proposed to hire a Revolves person? Yes. Oh, okay. Because the reason why I ask is because it is actually very rare to see a Revolves hire at such an early stage.
I've only seen a Revolves person 20, 30 people, teams plus to have one because obviously they didn't need a corner with the sales.
I marketing titles together and then talk with the CRO, CEO, that kind of stuff, but yeah, I can't.
@25:00 - Jenn McCarron
can't manage a funnel in the constant follow-up and the scheduling and the structuring of all of that. So it's RevOps to turn.
Our funnel is so broad. It's just like you're in and your info is there. And maybe if I remember to put notes in and then my memory has to serve as the tickler to follow up.
And it's too much cognitive load. And I am not a structural. I don't do well sitting in a structured system doing data entry.
I could cry doing that work. So I don't know how startup founders don't have someone just capturing all of that.
And she created cycles of the deal. She's helping me measure those times. My next goal and only goal actually, sure, this closing customer deals is amazing and an important thing.
But my goal is to get to a fundraising milestone of a seed round evaluation. I want a bigger valuation now.
I want something. I Higher than average. I want a $4 or $5 million seed. That's my goal. And I need a RevOps person to structure that mess of a CRM into like, deal came in and she's data science brain.
She's analyzing, putting time to it, and then helping me put that data on future slides for a raised deck.
Hmm.
@26:23 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Okay. This is cool. Do you want to highlight her as like a new hire on your LinkedIn or not really?
Just like, kind of, okay.
@26:33 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, is there, what's the benefit of that?
@26:36 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, it's more just like perceived momentum, like contracts.ai is growing, like kind of welcoming like this new member. So I guess even with John, he recently had like a new CTO.
So it's kind of like, oh, welcome to the team kind of thing. And it's always quite good vibe. So it's more like a company update post.
@26:56 - Jenn McCarron
Well, I only say no because she's part-time and The contractor for three months, and I'm trying it out. I'd rather highlight the engineer that Funny hired, because he's brilliant, and an AI machine learning dude, and he's an employee, and we're invested in a way where we get a seed round, and he benefits greatly from that.
Like, this is still too early, but I love that idea, and we should do it with the right, if she goes full-time in a few months, then yeah, let's make a huge splash.
Yeah, yeah, okay, okay, cool.
@27:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
And then let's say, I don't know, if you guys ever do meet up in an office, or in person, then obviously, like, kind of mentioning these people, like, oh, like, welcome to the team, or took them around the office, like, that would be really good.
But yeah, future idea. Okay, any interesting conversations or insights with, or meetings? Over the past week, other than the ones that we mentioned, like the pricing that you want to share.
@28:07 - Jenn McCarron
Yesterday I had a meeting with every customer and or potential customer I'm about to close, which was just an interesting day to be with them all.
One who's, we're getting it across the finish line of approvals. One that we're about to close, the Fortune 500, is she took us through like a hundred metrics, it felt like, that they want to measure in the business over time.
It was interesting when she first showed me that list, I was like, whoa, this is like a lot of metrics and mostly out of scope for us.
But on the call, I'm like, let's go through it one by one. Do you have two hours and it turns out we could help with like two thirds or more in year one, and then we can build a foundation for them to power BI that in year two.
And analyze it. And I came away from that call, like, validated that this is bigger than I even thought, that this is a platform thing.
Yes. But I saw it. It was like, I went from, I know the vision, I understand intellectually what turning all of this into data means.
And I basically got 66 concrete examples of metrics we can feed in a Fortune 500 company to optimize revenue.
And I was like, oh, my God, no wonder she likes us as a product and as co-founders, because we all think the same way.
And I said, that's our mission as a company is prevent revenue leakage, like optimize this wonderful work that each company does to, like, get it going and optimize.
So it was a powerful reinforcement. Sitting with customers is a powerful reinforcement. I'm scanning my... Calendar to just see if there's...
Oh, and I had a big fundraising revelation. Oh. I had this block last week where I spoke to three investors or potential investors in a row.
The first one was Insight Partners. Huge, huge fund. There's your Ivy League funds, and then there's the next batch of...
Insight's huge, huge. And they're on to us, and they like us, and they have vision that is the shared kind of broad vision of how we work.
So just a powerful signal to talk to them and know that they're tracking and they want to stay in the loop.
And then I spoke to my current investor, and then I spoke to another potential investor. The current investor was like, do you want to go out and do a big seed and go big soon?
Or do you want to go get some additional angels? Angels? Safes, and cobble together some money to extend your run rate right now and go out big later.
And I said to her, big soon, because I'm very impulsive and fast. And then I get on the call with the next potential investor, and she says to me, I want to give you a check right now.
This is a family office fund, not a VC fund. And she said, I adore you, Jen. I like you.
I adore you as a person and as a leader. We love the product. We love the co-founders. And we don't want you to get eaten alive by the VCs.
They're going to dilute you hard right now. And what if we write you a check for X and you extend your runway, and then you go out at the right point in time, and we'll advise you on that.
And right then and there, that whole option became a play. Within 45 minutes, I was undoing what I told my current investor.
I'm like that's actually a really great idea and it changed how I think, it changed my reinforced goals right now and reinforced the fact that I have to like get my plan together on what to apply a seed round to later this year in terms of hiring and the first people that we bring in.
Do you feel like there is an urgency to go big because all of these bigger players are going big so Yes, like market I feel like it's a race right now and I feel like we have to spend money we don't necessarily have to sponsor at events and be in those rooms with Harvey, Lagora, Ivo, Spellbook, Sandstone because There is a race right now and this isn't FOMO this is like I have to get
Get in there, and you have to pay to play in some of those, and I started greenlighting more sponsorships and saying, like, that's a good place to spend 15k is putting me in a room, 800 ICPs, I present to them, and then we chat for the rest of the day, and they remember how fun of a hang I am.
That is a good play versus, like, Bunny saw the video and how good it did, and he said, oh, so, he said to me, in 12 weeks, you're ready to do a customer video, and I said, nope, no, I'm not.
A customer video, that's a $15,000 production, what are you talking about? Like, this is a $600 production, and it will be $400 when we do that format, that one-minute format, once my editor now, and I have a new format for features.
It's like, so, it's showing me, it's showing me, this is. Because all the race and the urgency is, like, helping me prioritize where to be and where to put our capital, our time, our focus, the presentation, the demo, and in what format.
And I'm trying to go for biggest bang. And I think, like, the video, the one minute is an example of big bang.
So is our LinkedIn work. And then walking into a room once in a while and going with the slides and the pitch and a story and looking them in the eye and going, I know your pain.
I am you. I think it's working. And I think it puts me in, it's inserting me into the market, us into the market.
@34:38 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Have you considered podcasts? I'm not sure if lawyers listen to podcasts, but. I have.
@34:45 - Jenn McCarron
You know, I did one for a long time. I ran clocks. I ran clocks podcasts for years. I did, like, over 100 episodes before podcasting was as ubiquitous as it is now.
And I just, they're cool.
@35:00 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool.
@35:01 - Jenn McCarron
I know how to do it. I can do it. And the prep on those...
@35:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
As in just being guests of other Oh, yeah. Guests. If anyone...
@35:09 - Jenn McCarron
There's one going up today. I was on Legal Tech Talk's podcast. And let's see if he posted it today.
Yeah. I'll be a guest on anyone's podcast. Well, if it's within the field.
@35:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, yeah. In the field, yeah. Yeah. because was thinking, like, maybe as part of, like, obviously LinkedIn as well, we could always connect with podcast owners and reach out to them and just try to get guest speaking time.
I guess, like, it's increasing the time of, like, to value. And, yeah, podcasting has been coming more and bigger, bigger thing.
Obviously, we can repurpose that on our LinkedIn as well, as part of, like, video. Yeah. Yeah.
@35:55 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, I just opened my LinkedIn feed. And... There I am. First post.
@36:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Legal Tech Talk. 30,000 followers.
@36:06 - Jenn McCarron
Legal Tech Talk. The episode just went up. And there we are.
@36:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@36:15 - Jenn McCarron
So, and Bradley from Legal Tech Talk is a huge fan of mine, huge supporter. I just signed an agreement with Legal Tech Talk to give them, I think, 5k to go present or to go be a part of their conference in June in London.
it's one of the biggest ones in the world. And I have a booth. Not a booth. I have like a table for meetings.
I have passes to give away. And I applied to be in their free pitch accelerator for startups. And I have a feeling I have a really good chance of being chosen because my friends are on the board.
And it's not because of nepotism. Because they actually love me and my friends know the product's good and they're going to want to go get her up there.
She's good entertainment. So this is. Great. this leads to like being live and having more eyeballs going, oh, I saw her on LinkedIn.
@37:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Yeah. I might do some research then to see what other podcasts we can be on.
Because newsletters, the only advantage or thing that I could kind of think of is like doing LinkedIn articles and LinkedIn newsletters.
And the whole goal is to like increase LLM visibility because LinkedIn is becoming one of the most cited domains for LLMs on Papacity, on T2T, Claude.
And so that is the only thing. But then like what would like the topics be, like the content pillars and creating a new category?
People aren't actively searching for this. It hurts. It hurts. hurts my brain.
@37:53 - Jenn McCarron
Like I looked at our LinkedIn strategy as a chopped up microeconomic newsletter. Next slide. slide. Those are the updates, and they're going out three times a week in a singular hooky way with some kind of visual with it, once in a while video.
And video that I feel in my heart is so well done. I don't make YouTubes every week for nothing.
Like, it comes through and iterating, taking feedback from you and refining that video. A newsletter just, like, it hurts my brain.
Like, can't manage another content strategy. I'd rather just be better and better and better at what we're doing. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
If anything, you could do a blog article on LinkedIn. Those sometimes get traction when you write the article, but not a lot of traction.
Yeah.
@38:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I've seen, like, the best ones, like, they still do good. I think LinkedIn is slowly, I've seen more and more articles pop up, but it takes a lot of production effort to make one of these.
Because as you mentioned, like they're very long form, could be like essays, 2,000, 3,000 words, a bunch, a lot of graphics.
@39:17 - Jenn McCarron
And the problem with me, the problem with me is like, I want what I do to be really quality and excellent.
And so I obsess to make it that way. I live with a writer. I've written a book proposal and I've pitched it with her.
She helped me assemble a literary team. I've pitched into Sixth Avenue and I got pretty far and it's, it's not over.
It's just literary is a many years process. And the rejection I got from the agent I wanted was James Clear's agent.
Be read my proposal. That's how good it was. And she went, you know what? I'm rejecting this right now.
But there's this. The you have in here, that if you took that over here and talked and wrote about authentic intelligence, she said to me, I'd read that proposal.
So like a newsletter is for idiots to me. It's for people or it's when you have that marketing function that can just open every channel and feed all of this across.
But right now it's me. Funny cannot write. Malika cannot write. And I'm not going to sit here and edit people's writing who, like I live with a writer.
My wife gets books listed on the New York Times. Like I am in the literary capital of the universe.
And I struggle when people write and it sucks. So all that to say, I can't even think about it right now.
Okay. Unless I hired a ghost writer to write them. That's like an actual real writer, which I would do with seed funding.
I want marketing to be the story department. And I want a writer to sit there all day and just pull all of this into fast, scrappy, and really good narrative.
Like someone in my literary team I worked with is very punchy and she knows my voice and she could take anything I write and go plunk and just put it out.
And it's like, wow, that's money. It's a New York writer.
@41:22 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Speech funding, speech funding. I actually do have a person on my team that I recently hired who actually has like newsletter experience, but I would say right now is not the right timing, so I would not recommend.
But if you do ever consider, yeah, we could probably have a chat with him, see like why he could propose as well.
He's really smart and yeah, I'm enjoying working with him so far. It's only been like two weeks, so still kind of onboarding him, but hopefully we'll get to the stage where, yeah.
@41:54 - Jenn McCarron
More important than a newsletter right now is to excuse my language, unfuck my logo. And the font that we selected, because the logo and the font to me are trash, and they're about to get printed on swag.
And if you have any, like, I have a friend who does logos and has a small, like, new agency, but she's American and she's a price gouger.
Oh, I have. I need someone to take the idea I have and just punch up the three-dimensional square into something that is, like, a land and to pick the font.
That font is so wrong.
@42:40 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So by font, do you mean, like, the whole font of the website or do you mean the font of the logo?
@42:48 - Jenn McCarron
The website, sorry, I mean the logo, like, first and foremost.
@42:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
okay, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
@42:55 - Jenn McCarron
The website is entirely, the website, I believe. It was done in the same font as the logo, which is on Karat.
I need the logo font to be different. It's not right. I don't care about the website copy. It's not as much of an emergency because it's just web copy.
Okay.
@43:24 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I will ask around. I'm pretty sure I may have someone. She's based in India, but she's really good and she's definitely not US pricing.
So I think would be, yeah. I'll reach out to her, see if she knows anyone or if she can do it because she's quite busy.
What is the timeline for this? I don't know.
@43:43 - Jenn McCarron
ASAP. I needed it yesterday. I need this in like a week, not even. I might just have to go to this conference and print the font and the logo on stuff because the conference is in mid-May.
@44:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, there's still some time. Yeah, there's a minute. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's still a month and a half. Okay, I'll have her ask.
Yeah, even like, she actually starts to help like videos and stuff like that. So I'm not sure, like let's say back then we were talking about like doing these like really high production animated videos.
I wasn't sure pricing-wise what you were thinking as budget, but in terms of like with her, let's say, like I think it was 30 seconds.
Let me search this because I think it would be. Yeah, I think it was like 30 to 60 seconds for like a thousand or something like that.
And, like, it was one of the animation videos that I sent a while back to you, and you were like, oh, this is really cool.
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. So, like, pricing-wise, I think it's pretty decent for, like, a one-minute video. That's very good.
Yeah. Cool. Let's get into it. Okay. Okay. First question. Actually, one of them you mentioned around, like, I think it was a feature video you wanted to create.
was, like, find the actual termination in your contracts. Yeah.
@45:41 - Jenn McCarron
So multiple customers have come to me and said, we want to use Contracts.ai to find the end date of all the contracts and report on that.
So people know how to manage the life cycle.
@45:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
cycle. All
@46:00 - Jenn McCarron
In terms of the ending and the renewal and the work involved there, that the companies can manage that proactively.
And I said, come again? What? Your contract lifecycle management tool can't tell you one of the most important time points in the lifecycle?
And they said, nope. And I'm like, well, we can. And I thought in the video, like, Idealist I sent you, like, should we just hammer on this, like, ridiculousness of actually find the end date in all your contracts?
Look, show me the end date of all of my contracts and the video. It's absurd that they can't find that.
And so we're going to find it for one customer, and we're going to push that into their CLM, and then she's going to have the CLM report on our data that we found.
@46:57 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, that is cool. Um, I think we should, like, if people are talking about it, I'm sure other people who you haven't spoken to also are having similar or facing similar problems.
I think we should probably create a video about this. And I guess, like, part of the conversation we were saying, like, every two to three weeks, we should probably have some feature announcement just to show people, like, oh, there's new updates about our product, and here's what's, kind of, like, them anticipation.
Um, so, I would say, like, next week could be another video that we could create, if you're up for it.
I'm up for it. Yeah, yeah. I'm up for it. And, like, we don't have to, like, I guess, on CLMs, but it's more just, like, a subtle thing.
It's like, oh, you can finally do this.
@47:54 - Jenn McCarron
Showing what we do. And hitting and addressing a pain. And being very positive about the hook and the story and the communication of that, it will inadvertently on them.
@48:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
But I do not ever. I was mad. I get mad.
@48:12 - Jenn McCarron
I'm feisty behind the scenes privately. I never want to do that. I only want to show value and how awesome we are in solving these big things that haven't been solved uniformly.
So, nope, I'm with you. Let's just show the thing. But I do say this to people, like, actually find the end date at scale.
That's not a, to me, not a . It's just, it's cutting through, like, they've been sold so much vision and not actual.
And I want our messaging to be, this is what actually you can do. Because that's what's going to sell us today in this very loud and competitive market.
Yeah, okay.
@48:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So, I'm thinking for time frame-wise, let's say next Wednesday. If possible, get another video live, which means try to get the script and everything done this week, early next week, so then you can also record the video.
Does that timeline work for you? Say again, say again.
@49:15 - Jenn McCarron
You want to take it live Wednesday?
@49:18 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Next Wednesday, yeah. So we have just over a week, a week and a day.
@49:23 - Jenn McCarron
so that means, let's see, end date video, it means I need to, when did we go live with the other one?
On a Thursday, right?
@49:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Thursday, but I'll say Wednesday, Thursday, both good, like mid-week, I'd And what you say by end of, I'd rather do Wednesday, script by Friday, you said?
Yeah, Friday or weekend, because we actually went over, like, back and forth, so I'd say first draft, Friday, and then we could tweak it, get the final done by Sunday, so you have, like, two to three days.
the record, and then push that live Thursday or Wednesday.
@50:04 - Jenn McCarron
All right, Sunday. I'm putting, yeah, great, let's do it. Okay, cool.
@50:12 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, just send it through to me whenever you can, Friday or Saturday, I'll take a look. Awesome.
@50:21 - Jenn McCarron
And record, I'm just putting this in, record, end date, vid. Refine, refine, and date, vid. And finalize for Wednesday.
Got it. I think it'll be 40% smoother, given the format breakthrough I had on the last one. And I'm gonna, like, write to that format a Fast Hook show.
Yeah. Closer and use the same splash and music and just, like, sandwich around it. Yeah, yeah.
@51:08 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Cool, awesome. I read an article around how, like, there are two concerns regarding, like, AI right now. First one is concerns around job security, and the second one is around, like, inadequate training.
And so I'm kind of curious, like, let's say if you were kind of in-house again, how would you implement AI training for, like, legal teams?
Because that's probably something quite big. And, like, one of the things is also, does it actually increase productivity or efficiency, or is it more just on an individual level, but on an org level, not so much?
That's been something I'm quite often with, like, other clients, so I'm to hear what you think about this.
@51:52 - Jenn McCarron
How do you train legal teams to use AI?
@51:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@51:56 - Jenn McCarron
It's a good question. I have no idea. I'm hoping everyone else has trained them and that we could just roll up and that our software is intuitive enough to let them bring it down to a conversational level with a few typos and know and understand the intent of what it means.
Will I train? Am I training yet on prompts? Perhaps I haven't been. I feel like people like GCAI, Cecilia Zaniti, you know, she spent the last two plus years going around offering a classroom level prompting, how to think in your brain about prompting course.
And it's part of her big success and labels is early in the in the AI market at the right time and teaching them early.
@52:50 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It's a cool idea.
@52:52 - Jenn McCarron
The most I would want to do, I don't want to go and teach. I just want to build a product that's intuitive.
That said, our first customer, what's tough with this is everyone, two years ago, everyone was not sitting in chat GPT and Claude all day, and now they are.
So to me, there's a level of training going on every day by people just getting used to this thing and writing paragraphs and trying again and trying again.
And so I would be afraid that the training would be like too lo-fi for what they're just already hammering on in volume of searches.
@53:30 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay.
@53:31 - Jenn McCarron
That said, I might teach them broadly, like here's the lo-fi prompt you can do, and here's the hi-fi prompt.
And a lo-fi prompt is going to be broad, not very specific, open-ended questions, show me all those. And then you're going to like keep prompting with 25 more, and then here's a hi-fi prompt.
It's 25 conditions baked into one ask, and you're going to get on first response. It's the table and the result and the insights and all the data you need to solve your business problem.
And I don't think one is right or wrong. I think it's a matter of being willing to either have a hi-fi prompt or lo-fi prompt your way to those answers and not giving up on the tool if it doesn't deliver right away.
@54:27 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, okay. What's the, like, what's the relationship between, like, legal and finance? I'm not sure if we can make a post about this because I also feel we've kind of talked about finance and mentioned finance here and there.
And so kind of curious what that was like when you were working at, like, Netflix, Spotify, that kind of thing.
And is there, like, an ideal relationship that makes it good?
@54:53 - Jenn McCarron
Between you said legal and finance? Yeah. like it's What's the... That's there. Legal ops and finance has a very good relationship because legal ops turn legal workflows into data by putting in all the technology and workflow tech and moving it along an engineered for tech process and a measurable process and trying to help get measurements, right?
What do you do when you have data and you instrument everything? You measure things more. And because there are more measurements and more attempts at quantifying things, finance shows up because some of that's very helpful.
Now they can see all the contracts running through the train station and start to go, I have a sense of what's closing this quarter.
Revenue will recognize. I know where to go to find the agreement. And so some of my strongest partnerships I made all throughout my run in-house were with the finance people.
And sometimes it felt like... They were more my primary stakeholder than legal, and I would feel this tension, and they would ask us to build a little bit more, help our tech extend into their realm, and sometimes I had to be like, I can't build for you, even though I want to, or sometimes I would just build for them and go, forget legal.
Like, helping you is helping them and helping the company, and we're all on the same team. So, I don't think that the relationship between finance and the legal leaders is as good, as fluid, as mutually understood.
I think finance inserts themselves, as they should as business partners all throughout, to help plan, and help legal plan, like strategy, forecasting, CAPEX, OPEX, budget, sure.
But it's like, sometimes it's just two passing trains combos. Sometimes the finance person doesn't understand the nature. Of law firm engagement, billing, and pricing.
And it's part of the reason why LegalOps started as a finance function embedded inside legal. Because they spoke the language of like, okay, law firms, engagement, pricing, hourly billing, billing guidelines.
We got to run, you know, $250 million through outside counsel to help protect the company and do new deals and stuff and go into new markets.
That's a lot of money. It's not immaterial. And LegalOps started there to give legal in captive financial management. And that's powerful.
But it came at the kind of the cost of the finance business partners not having all of the legal domain knowledge.
They have finance knowledge and they have a job to like stuck all of these numbers into forecasts and budgets for the company.
And. You A lot of that, those are fraught conversations. Sometimes you get a finance person who comes in and can go all the way, but they can't.
They can't go into the legal domain. It has its own drivers of spend.
@58:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you think legal ops should try to have a good relationship with finance? Or do you think it's just like a...
Yes, it's imperative.
@58:21 - Jenn McCarron
I used to say in LinkedIn posts past that legal ops and finance, like is it FinOps, is it FP&A, is it AP, is it a leader over them all accounting, are the peanut butter and chocolate of the enterprise, that they go together so well that you wouldn't expect it at first.
And it's a really dynamic thing. And I've had very strong finance partnerships because when I came along, I said, hey, I'm here to help you.
I'm here to help you focus your team on the right finance work and not this like, why is your finance person six months...
Behind approving our law firm bills because she doesn't have the domain knowledge to understand the cost coding of a law firm engagement versus the cost coding of the enterprise.
Those are different codes and they accrue and budget differently. And for one finance person in finance to do both is absurd.
It's too much accounting for one. And that was the big challenge when I brought my legal ops finance person in.
And I was like, align those law firm codes with the company cost codes and get them reporting flowing in a way that they can measure and get the lawyers.
The lawyers think in terms of the law firm budget. They don't care about the finance company accrual codes. And they do.
And so that's the mismatch right there. And so, yeah, you need legal ops to like set up shop, help finance get what they need, help the lawyers get the number story.
What they need.
@1:00:02 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, okay. I think future posts we can make is like even tactics on how to have a better relationship between finance and legal ops.
Maybe communication tips or just things that you would report to finance or maybe meetings that you would have to kind of sync and align.
And also that could tie into like revenue leakage, which you kind of talked about with contracts. Yes. And yeah, these are all tied together.
So it could be a potential content pillar for us. Awesome. I Yeah. So when you were, I guess, going from, let's say, Spotify, Cisco, Netflix, obviously they're all like very different environments.
Like what were some things or what were the first things you would look at to understand like how broken or how healthy the operation actually was to the point where you're like, okay, what money's fixing.
What So I don't know, this should be packaged in like the first 30, 60, 90 day kind of thing?
Yeah.
@1:01:07 - Jenn McCarron
At Spotify, I remember walking in and going, how many contracts does legal do, does the company do in a quarter, in a year?
And everyone looked at me and they said, I don't know. No idea. Yeah. And I said, great, give me three to six months, I'll have the number and start to give, like bring visibility and transparency into all, like, it was like 350 contract types there.
I'll get them all kind of online and flowing at least through a start and end point so we can even get a sense of throughput.
That's important. Legal needs to staff based on throughput. And lawyer, law firm leader, sorry, law practice area leaders, they're not measurements.
They want to be measurements people, but they wind up having a power legal. We'll build a tracker with an abacus and count it manually.
And so I was like, all right, I'll find that. And then I was like, who's managing outside counsel billing?
That's another big area of spend, the money that goes out of a legal department in the budget to the law firms for legal counsel.
And I found that very junior person managing that in a spreadsheet. And I was like, great, let's work in together and see what we can do to uplift your process, your spreadsheet.
The whole thing and optimize this spend so it grows in a strategic way, not in a reactive way. So I just, I look for the holes.
I look to see what is, I used to, at Netflix, had a grid and I would scorecard the eight or so foundations of a legal department in tech and data and spend programs.
And I would go wild, wild west, wild west. It's foundational, meaning there are spreadsheets and a person managing the thing pretty effectively in a spreadsheet manually.
And it was like intermediate and advanced is there's the right set of tools going on, tech, the data's flowing, the reporting, there are dashboards, the right person is applied to those tools.
And I would, the goal was to move, I had like the Netflix logo in each box and the goal as I started there was like, hey, I'm measuring for three to six months, you guys, I'm scorecarding current state so that by the end of my state, I get you as far to the right as possible.
And we start with the foundations and those are financial management, contracts, programs, process, workflow, and tech, e-discovery, the litigation side of the house, the IP management side of the house.
A couple of other things. There's a few other foundations I had in those slides that I scorecarded against.
@1:04:09 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Do you still have that grid slash scorecard that you would want to share it, like show? Yeah, I could just, and or I can draw it up again.
@1:04:18 - Jenn McCarron
It was like, it's in my brain. It's like the six or seven foundations. I can look to see if I have the actual Netflix one.
I could just even draw the Netflix one and go, here is the starting grid. Yeah, yeah.
@1:04:33 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
drew it every year.
@1:04:34 - Jenn McCarron
I put the grid back in my strategy doc every year and said, this is where we started. This is where we are.
And onward we go. Here's what we're tackling this year.
@1:04:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay, yeah. I think that would be a very useful asset. And I think the reason why I mentioned it was like, saves on LinkedIn is a very strong metric for how good and how valuable it posts this.
And so this is like a save. We're the asset for people. So if we could pull that, that would be amazing.
@1:05:07 - Jenn McCarron
Great. I will.
@1:05:14 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Coming back to the Q1 lessons and mistakes. So I guess it will kind of depend on how transparent you want to share.
Obviously, you don't have to share everything, but what are three to five top wins that you would want to share, three to five, like, maybe top lessons, and then maybe, like, what is next?
I think that would be quite good. From Q1, from Jan Fedmark? Yeah.
@1:05:42 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, a win is closed our first enterprise customer in four months, two weeks. And I was told that in-house procurement takes a really long time, maybe takes six to eight to nine months, and you've got to find their buy window and get in there and hope for the best.
And this broke everything I heard. And the speed in which that closed and that we're even implementing is showing me that nobody has their arms around what it takes right now.
We're in a new playing field. A new game is here right now. Sure, had, like, background leading up to that moment that some network, the person who signed, has known me for years.
That counts. But it's also an AI urgency and help. Right now I'm drowning in the lack of data. So major, major win there.
And not only the win, but the speed is something like, I just heard Mary O'Carroll, a peer of mine, former clock board person and friend, on a podcast saying that law firms are fast on profile.
Procurement and in-house is slow. And I want to call her and be like, Mary, you are so out of touch.
It's true.
@1:07:06 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It's the opposite.
@1:07:08 - Jenn McCarron
So time is distorted right now in all directions. Another win of Q1 is I stepped out for the first time and did a narrative-based pitch in front of a room of contract professionals in Miami.
And to see how people received that story, the feedback they gave me, who I chatted with into the night about the problems, was a resounding validation that we're headed in the right direction, that we're onto something, that this product has deep, deep value and possibly at scale.
Because the people that are responding are not smalls, they're mid to large, with large data contract sets that need structuring.
So really powerful. We get that physical in-person validation. And another win of Q1 is new UI UX. And I felt like I didn't have the time to do it, but I knew that I'd be launching and putting it in customers' hands by the end of Q1.
happening right now. And I knew that that UI UX has to be right. It has to be iteratively the next best version that puts something in their hands that's minimally, like, the entrance to the future, trust-inducing, solid, foundational, clean, all the things we put in, dot-connecting platform, elegant.
So those are my three wins. Where I did not win is on logo and website, and it's not excellent, and I'm frustrated by it because I don't have the bandwidth.
I'm a creative person. And I do not have the bandwidth to, like, draw and make it. And it requires art takes time.
The best version of anything in writing and drawing and branding and the song, it needs sleep, it needs overnight, it needs a bad draft.
So I trust that I'm on to, like, the bad draft, the next bad draft, but it's not the one.
And what it's taking for me to get that, plus the website, plus the UI, into an acceptable visual aesthetic with the engineering team I have, I want to kill myself.
We won't write that, but I want to kill myself. They're not, they don't have the design thing. They code everything.
It's, like, microscopic, and I have to say, hey, like, make it bigger, et cetera. So it's also, what those are showing me is that I see the future to expand the focus on design.
see the importance. of design in the product, and I want that in my product and in my everyday, not just like one time, contracted designer, and they come and they go, and now I can't iterate with them, and I'm stuck.
Yeah. And I'm frustrated.
@1:10:20 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
What about like learning?
@1:10:23 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, learnings. A big learning I've had is companies I thought would have a greater risk profile, actually have a greater appetite for what we are building because of its value that they see, and they're willing to partner and take a chance on us and strategically partner.
They see it in us and the platform. And then smaller companies like up and coming awesome startups and unicorns and things I thought would be more risk tolerant are like, no, we need a longer run.
Way to work with you. I'm like, but you're a startup.
@1:11:03 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
So it's paradoxical to me.
@1:11:07 - Jenn McCarron
And what that teaches me is there's a play for our platform to help larger enterprises optimize revenue, prevent revenue leakage, get the data of because of the scale.
And this problem, like, multiplies at scale. Funny and I are immense scale people. And so it makes sense that the small, mediums, companies, or startups especially, are kind of, like, hand-wavy about it.
And they're like, and we're, you're too young. Sock 2 is not long enough yet.
@1:11:43 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah. What about learnings around, like, enterprise selling? Or selling, I guess, selling to enterprise. Around selling? Yeah. Yeah.
@1:11:53 - Jenn McCarron
Selling is all about the relationship and strategically partnering. Yeah. You That's what it is. And then sometimes like pricing has to come up and you guys have to talk about pricing and put money between you.
And I'm like, but like once that's to the side, selling is actually a doorway to just become teammates to me.
Like I'm a team-oriented athlete and creative and collaborator. And so selling to me is just the starting point of building new team members.
And when I like show up to calls before, during, after the sell, you're getting the same person, the same temperament, the same like humility, the same willingness to help, whether you buy it or not.
But I'm just, and if you buy it and we go forward, like we're, we're entering into a team together so we can win and I can help you look good.
@1:12:52 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Hmm. What about, um, maybe learnings about yourself as a new founder or just new? I do not like structure.
@1:13:06 - Jenn McCarron
And I don't like, I don't like, I like structure that I build. I don't like switching into, there's, if I do too many things, it hurts my brain.
And so I have to relegate my focus to the things that need to move the needle of this company, like move the progress.
And I have to let balls drop. And that's hard for me because I'm a perfectionist. And so I'm learning to let go of more things and to prioritize like I've never learned before.
This is, being a founder is like a boot camp and prioritization and learning how to do it.
@1:13:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Wow.
@1:13:50 - Jenn McCarron
And it's like Marines, it's like U.S. Marines level boot camp. And it feels like not all make it because it's hard.
@1:13:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
It's hard.
@1:14:00 - Jenn McCarron
Like, the in-house jobs I've had, there were some hard moments, a lot of context switching, et cetera, but it felt like, to put it on a military scale, I was in the Coast Guard, was just like on a boat, like, whoa, choppy waters, whoa, like, this feels like the Marines or like the Navy SEALs level of training, and it's hard, and it's physical, and it's endurance, it's performance, it's like, I have to take care of, like, mind and body and emotions around it in a new and intentional way.
To buffer against what is the heaviness of, the weight of being a co-founder, you have to make so many decisions and wear so many hats, and so, learning how to do that, but not always lifting heavier weights, that's not the only way to do it.
@1:14:47 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah, I think there's a saying, like, entrepreneurship is the best form of personal development, and I agree with that, a lot.
I agree with that. about, like, what's next? What's upcoming that you kind of want people to maybe get excited about or just hint at?
@1:15:08 - Jenn McCarron
What's next? Like Q2. Q2, I mean, we're going in the Q2 tomorrow. So what's next is singing from the mountaintop about these next few features that are groundbreaking for people.
Like, they're groundbreaking. They're what we've all thought in some way we just needed the current tool to do it that way.
All these features will hit on that, and I'm really excited to articulate that to people and, like, to communicate it and celebrate just the fact that we're solving for it, and here's a great way to show you that nothing gets me more pumped than creating the written or the visual content that shares.
And communicate something like that gives me great joy. It's why I'm like really a communicator. So putting that out into the market, closing and implementing with our next three enterprise customers, and really locking in to product market fit.
We're just about there on the legal side with our first customer. And these next few are going to both reinforce and challenge that.
Because one's with a legal team, one's with a finance team, one's with a customer success team. And the customer success team in the metrics world we just walked through wants to work with us to now like go approach legal in the company and go, you guys got to get your workflows a little bit more online and transparent.
And I said to her, I can help you with that. I've spoken to legal once or twice in my career.
@1:16:54 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Yeah.
@1:16:55 - Jenn McCarron
Um, yeah, so looking forward to closing those deals and, and. So, if you're. Is a market fitting even more tightly?
@1:17:04 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. Cool. Yeah, I think that should be good. Yeah, I think that is it for this week. A lot of stuff to do.
And yeah, I will be awaiting your script Friday, like later this week. And yeah, we'll try to get that live next Wednesday, Thursday, if possible.
In terms of the LinkedIn ads, like in terms of tracking, the only thing right now I would say is like worth tracking is just website visits because people won't just like it's not a low ticket product where people just go on the website and they purchase and then we can track the conversion rate.
Like it doesn't really happen like that. And so we could try to, so one thing, the first thing is if you
do have a list of companies that you are actively targeting, we can actually upload that into LinkedIn and using that video to reach in directly.
That's the first thing. And the second thing is, if we don't do that, we can just do the default job titles that LinkedIn offers already.
So that could be enough and we have a big enough audience to do so. So that's okay.
@1:18:29 - Jenn McCarron
I do have the start of a list that someone did some analysis for me on. I love the idea of starting with a list and just being targeted.
@1:18:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
not like retargeting. Yeah, it's like retargeting instead of like a new audience because they've already had conversations with you perhaps, they've seen your content, so it's more just being top of mind.
Yeah.
@1:18:55 - Jenn McCarron
What's like his name? Skywax. How do you do sales for me? Yeah. Oh, okay.
@1:19:01 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
The only thing is like if the list is big enough because depending on how big the list is, we might already saturate the impressions or like reach that, those many people in like a few weeks.
So we might not even be that much budget. So it just depends on what that's like.
@1:19:28 - Jenn McCarron
Oh, um, great. I think he sent me screenshots of a list. Let's see if I can get it. This guy's trying to get me to hire him.
So he's showing me screenshots. Oh, um, of a list he made.
@1:19:53 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
I, I would caution on that. Oh, yeah. Why? Just because... The first thing is like, depending on obviously what this person does, like if they're just like a tool junkie and they just use a bunch of automation, they know how to use email platforms and just blast people, that's like one way of selling that doesn't really work.
And then the second one is obviously trying to like do conversations, nurture it, and having these like really deep conversations, which I don't think they would be better than you at doing because they don't have the context, the experience to have that.
And so I would say the only value is like building these lists, which isn't that hard. could just find a contractor.
@1:20:43 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, he's using Claude or whatever, and his understanding of being a SaaS sales guy in the legal space, and he's hammering and making all these like, who would need contract intelligence?
What kinds of companies? Who's the buyer there, etc. And he sends me these sometimes. And some of those people in his list are in my pipeline, and then the others aren't.
And I see the exercise there is like, great, if I could sit and cold outreach to them and get them in the pipeline, now I've got like 3x based on like a really targeted analysis, like the prospective buyers.
Okay, so it's like grounded in some experience. Yeah. Okay, okay.
@1:21:34 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Because normally, yeah, I've heard a lot of horror stories where the founders just, they hire a salesperson too early, and rely on the salesperson to kind of figure out the sales playbook, and that never works.
Oh yeah, I can't do it.
@1:21:52 - Jenn McCarron
Like, if I got, if I were going seed raising and had to put this up on paper tomorrow, I wouldn't be hiring a salesperson.
And I would hire a go-to-market operator that's under the hood of all my deals with me and doing this kind of analysis with and for me.
And then being in that funnel with me and just cranking. then when I like, sometimes I show up to a meeting and I have no idea what's going on with a customer.
That's how busy I am. I don't have time to read and take in the bullets and understand where this is at.
And I guess, and just go, what do we, like, I have a way of figuring out what we're doing without revealing I have no idea what we're doing.
Like, I would hire a go-to-market person who's near me and really smart and really with it. And I would probably make RevOps Associate full-time to just turn Pipeline into a data set that's always ready for slides.
I'd hire a marketing person to help draw all of this into narrative and asset, drive a channel with you, drive another channel.
Help me get to events. Oh, yes.
@1:22:59 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Events. think that's... Oh yeah, big one.
@1:23:01 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah, like help me get to an event and have an exhibitor booth. I can't even think. I can't even send the logos to the events I'm going to where I have a booth because the logo is not done because I don't have time to even do the logo.
@1:23:15 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Can you send me the logo brief that you gave that logo designer? Because I'm more than happy to try, like, even if I do find like a person just even coming up with concepts.
And if you'd like them, we can like kind of move forward. If you don't, then yeah. I would have to write it.
@1:23:31 - Jenn McCarron
I told her it verbally and I don't have it. It's a bummer.
@1:23:35 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Oh, oh, is there no like recording, like transcript of the meeting or? I could ask her for it.
@1:23:43 - Jenn McCarron
Yeah.
@1:23:44 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Okay. That would be useful. I'll just get Claude to summarize what that recording was about. Get a brief out of that.
@1:23:53 - Jenn McCarron
Great. I will ping her. Yeah, I'll get that going. Yeah, but to your point, not hiring any salesperson until past some point in time when it's okay for it to not be me.
Everything has to be me. This is my network of legal people too. And they want me and they've known me for years.
like Funny tried to do a forward deployed engineer to our first customer and stick some junior not so great contractor engineer from India.
@1:24:49 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
He's like, let's bring them to the States.
@1:24:50 - Jenn McCarron
And I killed the whole thing. I'm like, nope, they're not going to sit with legal people.
@1:24:55 - Osman Lee (theviralfounder.com)
Nope. Yeah. No, it has to be me. It has to be us. Yeah. Okay, amazing. I do have a meeting to hop into, but I appreciate the chat as always.
Can we post on the logo brief? Once you get it through, I'll like, yeah, reach out to people as fast as possible, and yeah, even try to come up with concepts.
I think hopefully you might like them, but obviously if you don't, then totally cool as well. But better than nothing.
Yeah. Totally. Thank you for the extra time. Talk soon, Osman. No worries. Bye. Bye, Jenn. Bye.
@1:25:30 - Jenn McCarron
Bye.

=== [ContractsAI] Content interviews Week 15.docx ===
ContractsAI Content interviews Week 15 - May 20
VIEW RECORDING - 51 mins (No highlights)
@0:03 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, I can't hear you. Let me see. Maybe some light. Wait, let me try. Hello, Is that better?
@0:54 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
How about now? Yes, I can hear you now.
@0:56 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Great. I can hear you too.
@0:58 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Sorry about that. No worries.
@1:01 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
How are you? I feel like it's so long, even though it's only been two weeks. Yeah, it's been long.
@1:08 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
There's been a lot of travel, a lot of conversations, a lot of signal from a lot of people learning about the industry, what people really think.
So, yeah, I come back to you changed and well-informed.
@1:24 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Awesome. Where do you want to start? Do you want to start at the conference? Do want to start at Joseph Vivian?
@1:31 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, let's start. Well, I do want to, as I was messaging you late last night, like redo for Friday's post.
So do you have everything you need there? Maybe we start there to fill any of that in and then we could go onward to all those other ones.
@1:45 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, because I was thinking we could do like the conference takeaway that we mentioned and then we could just push everything back by one day.
that should be good.
@1:57 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Great. Let's do that. Thank you. You
@2:01 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
But there were a few things that you mentioned in that I was thinking maybe we could dig a bit deeper.
One of the things you mentioned was how there were old pain points that people are trying to solve with AI-first tools that they previously accepted as cost of doing business.
Can you dig into that a bit more? And then another one was around how I didn't know this was a problem.
What specifically were they referring to?
@2:31 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, so the first one, a woman, some woman actually, a legal ops director said to us that she spends out of the legal budget $120,000 a year to staff a contractor to sit in a chair and miserably read every contract and tag it.
And it's slow and it's not always right and it's not to a level of depth or speed that they need, but it gets done.
But it's not to a depth or a level that they need. If they got the level of depth we did, they'd have to pay for three contractors to do it that fast.
But she kept quoting, like, I spend $120,000 a year. It's cost of doing business. It's what they've accepted over the years as the norm, as the status quo.
You have to hire a human to read everything and metadata tag it. And they have to have a legal understanding and maybe a unique understanding of your company's contracts because they can get quite unique.
And we used to run into this with people tagging content contracts at Netflix. They had to understand Hollywood. Otherwise, they'd be like, what is going on in some of these very complex agreements, writers' agreements, directors, and A-list actors.
So we sat with, you know, this was the legalopsmeetup.com. It was all the people who are responsible for all the metadata tagging of all these companies' contracts.
And they hold a lot of budget. In reserve for this. And they're looking at what we're showing them. And they couldn't get past that feature set alone.
The manual metadata tagging is over with an AI-native data platform contract intelligence tool like us. And this is what we mean by data warehousing or data-ifying your contracts is the AI does the structuring now.
And some of them, that woman was like, I'm going to get rid of the contractor. I'm like, you should.
And you should, you can put this in place even in that one spot in your workflow where the contracts flow across before they file and land in your CLM and live forevermore.
Have us do the tagging, the hygiene, the normalizing, the deeper custom fields, any custom field, and then have us take any one of those new data points and send them into the enterprise, back to Salesforce.
And people, they stand with us. They hear, they learn about this and then they just start doing this look around and you see the gears turning and they don't leave the booth.
They hang and they just, there's something when you're learning a new paradigm and you start rethinking the whole way they solved with people and with processes and then the tech, they're rejiggering everything in their minds.
And what they thought was, what was status quo for years is humans do that or your, some of the CLM stuff does it in a very uneven way, inaccurate way, non-thorough way.
It's a new world order and these are the people who are forefront dealing with all of that lack of data set and legal ops people, their number one mission.
Sometimes they don't even realize this, but I do, and I used to say this to my legal leadership, like we are here in house in legal.
Ops roles in a legal department to turn every legal workflow into data. That's the point, is to make everything an instrument so that you, legal leaders, can start to measure things, figure out how to staff, optimize the workforce, where to put investment.
Do you put investment to tech? Do you put investment in the next paralegal or senior director, lawyer, leader? You can only measure if there's data flowing, like when did something start?
How long did it take? What's the literal with e-discovery? What is the data footprint you have to extract? What's the size of that?
How long? How long did it take? What's the cost? How many people do I need to do that legal work?
So there was a real kinetic, like when I show people and the way I framed it in my pitch to 65 people.
Was, hey, there's a new status quo here, and I'm going to give you all the bullets so you can go back out into your jobs and never accept less again from your vendors.
If they tell you it's not possible, you're with the wrong vendor because it's 100% possible. And then I was just like, manual metadata tagging, over.
Manual relating of contracts to one another, parent-child, et cetera, et cetera, over. And those two things alone just had all of the gears turning.
And I had a slide that was like, take a picture of this slide. And all the phones came out when the slide came up.
And a lot of those people came to our booth. They came to hear me speak. Maybe they were interested in the product or knew me from the past and wondered, she must be on to something.
And then when they heard it, a few of them were like, I had no idea that this was even possible, that this is a new status quo.
And so I'm here. Or give me the demo.
@8:03 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What was the exact slide that you showed? If that's something valuable.
@8:08 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah. You should take the slide. You should maybe consider posting it here. Yeah, because I guess the job and the role of legal ops is really to help make better decisions.
@8:21 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
And if you don't have data, you can't really make them well, at least.
@8:26 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah. So I'm sharing this with you now. Well, it is slide 16.
@8:35 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Share, share, share.
@8:39 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Slide 16 of that.
@8:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Awesome. Any, even though we've sort of touched on this, like on one of the posts in the past, but any learnings on, I guess, building a product in a new category?
Especially when people don't know that it's a problem.
@9:09 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Some learnings are, and I saw this leading up to the conference, and I really felt it being physically in person with people learning.
They need more time. What could be done in a combo or a demo in 10 to 15 minutes? No, they want more time and they want to sit.
There was a lot of people just spending extra time and working all of their use cases and scenarios against us.
And like unpacking and rethinking their strategy with me and me just offering like a creative kind of support to that thinking that.
It reminds me that this tech stuff, this legal ops stuff, the combo of the two, is very creative, and they want a partnership in that.
They want to spend more time, run the scenarios with you until they have it in their heads. And everyone's coming from such a different, like, I have this tool, and we're staying with it, and it's fine because all the workflows run out of there.
Maybe we'll layer you on, and then there's, like, I have this tool, and we hate it, and we want to do this and go modular and kill that.
And so there's kind of infinite possibilities in the contract stack based on their business need, and so everything needs its time so they can get a full understanding.
But they get it, and, like, our two customers we're implementing with really at, like, a few weeks in. where Yeah, yeah.
there's Yeah. To implementing, they got the bigger vision and both of them spending time with them after hours at the events, like share their vision to take us across the enterprise and connect us to larger things and be the data intelligence layer between sales systems and money systems.
So people are getting it. It's almost like CLMs, they all promised this and talked about revenue optimization. What does it mean to put a CLM in and get faster deal times, build a million workflows, optimize revenue?
It's like they greased the chute for years, but because they never delivered on the post-signature, like really accelerating optimizing revenue, because to do that was such a burden manually on legal ops people and the unmanageable burden and an unmanageable cost to the business.
That it's like I'm reawakening all of this sold to them and going, I'm filling this space, you guys, look, actual tech that does this fast.
And they're just like taking that understanding they have and going, oh my God, it's real now. So it's market-defining, but based on a broken promise.
And they're discovering a new outlook and a new vision of solving with market-defining software that changes some of the status quo.
@12:31 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I wonder if there's like anything from the like sales end or marketing end that could help, I want to say like accelerate that time, but it's more just getting more people to understand without you having to physically like one-on-one show them the demo.
Because once you show them the demo, then they get it, but it's like before that happens, how do we...
Yeah, interesting, interesting problem. Because like, I guess a lot of problems that other startups that I work with face when creating a new category, which is like, they have to fight an uphill battle of convincing why this is a problem worth solving or needs to be solved.
But in this case, this is like, perfect, where they immediately see that they have a problem. It's just, they didn't know there were tools and solutions to solve it.
@13:29 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
It's not an instant conversion in that. Part of, I think, what they're thinking and spending time with us, a lot of them are like, what's pricing here?
Because most of those people are in legal departments that we spoke to at CLOCK. They do not have budget.
And the budget they've had has been used by CLM. And so it's market defining, but how do you wedge in and show value and get them to peel away?
So I had people like doing the math with me and saying, like, I could take 120 from here and put it there.
Okay.
@14:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, wow.
@14:12 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So it's not convincing in that way, but we still have to convince in terms of selling in some way and sell the value and make them want to append all of their budgeting and how they've allocated it.
@14:27 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I think we can definitely talk about that in a bit as well. Another point you mentioned was around how there was a lot of talk of upcoming renewals on software, and then GC's asking legal ops heads to shoot out all the existing AI tools against the board and Microsoft Precinct plugins.
@14:47 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I heard a dozen people tell me privately that there are renewals coming up on a major CLM, and they've had it, to quote one of my friend's famous podcast.
It's called I've Had It. They've had it, and they're out looking at everything in the market and seeing who does what one thing the best, and then who does the most the best.
Because some people want the one thing approach, the contract stack or the modular, and some people still want an all-in-one because they're a super small shop.
I was just on with one of those general counsel. But many people have told me that. A dozen's a lot of people to tell you that.
It means that budget thinking has shifted, and they know that someone they signed with five years ago is the technology and research of 10 years ago, and that there's got to be better.
So I heard a lot of those stories. I see a lot of that in the pipeline. And then I see a lot of a few people said to me, because noise, all the talk on the street is like Anthropic, Microsoft.
Are they going to finally commoditize all of these pre-sig? people were saying to me, Like looking out across the floor of the vendor hall and going 40% of these companies won't be here in two years because they will not be able to out-market Microsoft and Amtropic.
And those guys are just in the enterprise already and certain GCs are going to turn to their legal ops person and be like, you're a techie, make the thing draft good enough so we don't have to even pay for like GCAI and stuff.
So I'm hearing that from people. Yeah. Shoot them all out. And like, we're going to go into a shootout or an RFP with Patreon and the Patreon GC asked my friend to look, even though they're like kind of happy with GCAI, it's fine.
It's serving them. They want to know if they have the best. And tech companies especially are always going to be like that.
They're like, I want to make sure my $6,000 a year is getting me the most value and I'm not just pumping.
Some startup. have you seen, like, GCAI, RV, and Ivo are putting out reports on... Oh, yes, I saw them, yeah.
@17:08 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Their independent research.
@17:10 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, I'm like, what are you, a academic? Like, please, MinQ, you are a salesperson with your independent research. But I looked at their reports and, like, GCAI is, like, performing 20% better than Anthropic or Microsoft Word, Microsoft's plugin.
And that's not a lot. Yeah. It's not a lot to me. It's not, like, 80%. It's not predominance. It's, like, to me, a little, and those margins are going to be nipped at.
@17:42 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Wow, okay. Based on, I guess, just what you've heard and everything, are there any predictions you would make on what would happen in the legal space by the end of the year?
just whether it be from a product software standpoint or just how internal... Schemes think and that kind of stuff.
one of them you mentioned was how 40% of these vendors potentially will disappear in the next year or so.
@18:11 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, that was a hot take from one of my friends who's pretty senior. I think that from a lot of the circles I was hanging out in, people have tried more.
People will be more modular in their solution approach. We'll go in in more places and start to show that new norm in an enterprise.
And like the thinking is going to shift and they're going to, when they see tools like that, like ours that are, can't be replicated by Anthropic and Claude or like whatever alone, you would need a heavy duty piece of engineering or like that build by, which by the way.
have to put new numbers in there because I had a funny look at the numbers and he thought my numbers are too loud.
Oh, yeah. I saw his comments.
@19:06 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah.
@19:07 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Amazing. So I think a paradigm shift is coming and I think there will be fewer wrapper products. And the ones that will endure are the ones that have absolute customer loves and loyalty.
And like I was just on with the GC and he's like, yeah, but you see it's great. They innovate and have new features all the time and they keep us kind of guessing with that in a good way.
And so you'll have certain types of like really aggressive people up front and then some will fade. I think some will fade, some will fall to the back of the line and that'll set them up to like fall off next year.
@19:50 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What did you think about like the marketing of these big companies? Because it kind of ties into that spicy post that you sent through and how like there's so much like...
, or so much noise happening in the market. I'm a fan of marketing, as you know.
@20:14 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
It's something, when people come up to me at our booth and go, ah, refreshing, an actual tech demo. Fewer and fewer companies on that floor are showing tech live and moving through a screen and fumbling through the flow.
Many were showing videos and trying to get you to a meeting next week, and it was all about the coffee at the booth.
The massage, the wellness spa, like, they turned these booths and exhibitor floors into, like, Disney World a little bit.
And I think the marketing is... Largely overblown. And I think their marketing, I agree with all the comments that were in Colin's post.
They do this language like, first ever, world's first. It's like none of you are the first. Nothing is that unique in this space.
It's B2B software slowdown. And just that kind of language, everything is over sensationalized. And you can see it and feel it in the air there.
And many, look, it creates a spectacle of like stuff on a floor like that and creates endless dinners and like in-house people going to work at Harvey, et cetera.
But it feels all overdone and to me lacks a certain groundedness in reality as an ROI reality. And being able to point and show the thing rather like I, some people are selling off screen.
Why?
@22:03 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Is it because they're not confident in their product?
@22:06 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Because it's not built. Because I wonder if a lot of it is a unique custom agent that they want to build to your requirements after they're in with you.
That's what a lot of that feels like. I think some of your, like, Luminance has a pretty well-baked pre-sig negotiation and drafting demo.
And they're strong at that. But I don't know, others were complaining about there not being a lot of hands-on tech demos.
@22:37 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, that's very odd for a, I guess, legal tech kind of space. And, yeah, that's weird. Okay. I might even scroll through, like, the comments from Colin's post and then see what kind of spicy things that people are talking about as well.
@22:56 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
People, I agree with Look, they put Jude Law on that ad campaign. Apparently, it added an additional $50 million in pipeline.
And I don't knock that. I don't knock it. That's awesome. I wish I could have plus $50 million. So, I mean, what they aren't saying is what they spent on Jude Law, which could be $50 million.
The whole thing could be a break-even thing. You know, they got use of his face and likeness ongoing in Hollywood.
That's the number one negotiated clause in Hollywood, use of their face and likeness. I know, because I used to have to use AI to extract it out of all the Netflix deals.
@23:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
But that's a big price tag.
@23:49 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And they paid for it, but they got a big surge. So I respect that. But you'll see in the comments, it's not winning people's hearts.
Like Hollywood. And A-list actor, all of that sheen and marketing, legal people are really grounded in sharks and they're fighting the fights of like reality and business and terms and they're fighters and breakers.
A lot of them don't care about that. And I think there's a subset of people who do get dazzled by that, but you'll see in the comments, a lot of them are like, I'm over it.
Everything sounds so like we're going to the moon now. Every release, every announcement, everything, everything. Even like Ironclad, the CLM just announced like a joint logo announcement of Ironclad and Anthropic.
Oh, yeah. They're partners. It's like, dude, we're all partners with Anthropic. They do these two logo like smashed together as an individual and it signals that it means something special.
And my friend just texted me yesterday begging for me to start life. Like streaming or podcasting and talking again and like blasting all the .
It's like just because two logos go up doesn't mean . It's just them using graphic design. And so it's like, yay, someone at Ironclad knows how to put two logos next to each other in Canva and hit posts.
That's what that's more validation of than actual functionality. Um, remember months ago when Ironclad released Contract Intelligence, that whole feature set, and it sounded like mine?
Yeah, yeah. My feature set in Contracts.ai, so I'm with my friend at dinner and she goes, you want to see their contract intelligence?
I said, yeah. And she pulls it up on her phone and she does a search for logo rights across the contracts.
And it did a string, string search, just match that word logo in like the 20 results. Yeah. She's like, all of that, all that marketing, and 200 reposts from Ironclad employees, Aishin, like, pretty green, and videos with some girl, like, some woman.
It all meant nothing.
@26:17 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
It literally means nothing.
@26:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
So they're doing marketing ahead of these features being quoted at all, let alone, like, ready for prime time. That is crazy.
@26:32 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
It's like they're just trying to spend enough money so then, you know, to make so much noise, and then there's budget from the product.
@26:43 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I was with a CLM company who's pretty friendly to me, kind of. This one guy is the least. Like, some of the CLM people really spoke to me from the alliances teams and said, hey, we should meet, and we should talk about an alliance.
A partnership or something. I'm like, great. I'm into it. I would love, like, we're going to overlay onto CLMs or underneath them.
And we should. I said to them, I'm not doing any press. I'm not putting my logo next to yours.
We should do it with a customer and let them tell you the new vision so you can learn. And this guy, Lou, is very nice and very forward on me and what we're building because he comes from ERP.
He's like, oh, you know, we'll figure out where our products overlap or are competitive. I'm like, Lou, they're not competitive.
And I'm like, I can guarantee you our contract intelligence is outperforming yours right now. Like, I just know it.
I know it. That's all we focus on for a year. And he goes, oh, well, it's really good. And I'm like, no one would know.
It's not launched. It doesn't matter. Like, if a tree falls in the forest, but there's no one there to hear it, did it make a sound?
That's what's going on a lot with these products. And, yeah, it was interesting. Agile often I started to want to talk to me about alliances.
And that's cool. Like, we'll have a combo in the next month. And they were very friendly and open. I was very friendly to them.
Like, could be cool. Like, we're going to have a joint customer soon. And if we teamed up and told a story, I say to them, like, do you know how much of a megaphone I am?
I am a megaphone. Forget your boring- marketing woman's, like, do-do-do-do B2B, like, Agilof post. I will create a viral post in a video and a musical.
@28:36 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Oh, yes, we will. For sure. Coming back to the event you had with Joseph and Sam. Is that speak easy?
that the... Yeah, so you kind of voice noted something around, like, the CLM breakup and, like, the Uber lady.
Is that a... Yeah, I think... there stuff that we can share? Because I know that it's like channel house rules.
So I love those. We can share.
@29:05 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, we can share. We just can't say like a lady from an Uber or from an automotive tech company.
Like we could just say an audience member from a large tech company.
@29:16 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, okay. And I guess that really like resonated when you mentioned how like you just talked about the data layer.
I think that's something that we have to keep repeating because that is like part of the contract stack of the future.
And, you people are considering that.
@29:33 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, people were overwhelmed by the stack and the idea of modular. And they were halfway through that speak easy.
They're like, where do we begin? Like, what is the backbone here? And that lady, that woman said, the data warehouse is the backbone.
Data set of the PDFs is the backbone. And then everything can branch out from there, branch up, branch to legal, branch down to finance or whomever.
And when they said that, I was like, holy cow. Wow, like, these people are selling for me. I don't even have to sell.
@30:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, I wonder, I'm thinking maybe we could create some visual around this. So I'm just thinking like, yeah, data layer, and then maybe there's like certain tools that kind of get plugged in, whether it be the CRM or not.
And yeah, I think that could just be like a better representation of what that background looks like. Might need your help on that to kind of just have some ticks or whatever, or just like a rough wireframe on that.
@30:46 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Do you want me to do a first draft? Would be good. you? Yeah, would be good.
@30:52 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
It could just be like a quick, yeah, even a hand drawing. Yeah, that works a lot. So is this going to be like an ongoing event that you'll be attending, Speakeasy?
Or what's like the format or what's like the feature of this series?
@31:14 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
My friend Sam did it once for this as his company's main thing at clock. But I suggested to him that we do another one and or like do more, do one in New York, like do them because there's something there a lot of people learned and they need that forum.
They need to learn from the more advanced and let that like paradigm shift in new way, settle in. And they realize, oh, the data warehouse, the contract intelligence is what's been missing and like neglected by way of not having the tech ready the last 10 years to do that.
Oh, it's there now, but they need. A space to let all of that sink in and hear all the examples from their peers.
So I want to do more. I said to him, let's do one this summer in New York.
@32:12 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
That would be cool.
@32:15 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Napkin drawing of data layer.
@32:22 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Awesome.
@32:23 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, I'll do that.
@32:25 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Actually, coming back to the Claude and Microsoft part of things, like what are these like legal ops leads, how are they like restructuring their like tech stack based on Microsoft and Claude?
Are they trying to just break down every single feature that they think Microsoft and Claude can replace based on the existing stack and just like kill it?
Or are they just like, yeah, what's their kind of, yeah, mindset around that? I think they're using it to do a...
@33:00 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I mean, I think number one, like it's a productivity play first, that people are using it for like emails and basic drafting and slides, et cetera, like turning your thoughts into first drafts, into comms.
And then second, I think it sounds like they're trying to use it to solve in light workflows of legal work.
So they're like, go here, find this, grab that, read this, generate me that, and then send it along into maybe another platform or another more advanced workflow system.
It sounds like the work of like a first-year associate or a junior lawyer, work of a paralegal who's drafting stuff, it seemed to start there around tasks, drafting, assembly, doc assembly is a big thing.
If it's a smaller volume company, they can use Claude's to search SharePoint or something, look across a few documents and pull some intelligence out and help me think and help me research a little more and put more flesh on the bone.
@34:22 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
What about from a budget perspective? Because you mentioned how they're just trying to see what is out there and that may affect their renewals of the existing software.
And so from what you've just described, it doesn't sound like it's that game-changing in terms of the day-to-day?
@34:43 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Not yet, but what they're going to start doing is, you know, all of these companies are putting enterprise licenses in a lot of their hands on Anthropic, Co-Work, Legal, or they're shopping.
For those licenses and looking at the cost of that versus manual research on LexisNexis, Harvey-level research, manual doc assembly versus like Harvey or Legora doc assembly.
So they're putting everything up against, they're going to put them up against each other, especially on the drafting. I mean, my friend told me she's going to shoot out Microsoft versus Claude versus GCAI versus us on drafting a contract.
And who redlines the best, who has the most features for the dollar.
@35:34 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Right. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. One last thing just around the Bill versus Buy Memo. I think this is like a really, really juicy document.
And yeah, I was going through it. I'm like, whoa, this could be super, super cool. I know you're looking to kind of rejig the figures and everything, but I'm kind of keen to hear like the, the best.
Sorry, of like why you use this and I guess how you use this as well. Because you mentioned like you're starting to write these for customers and then also use them at Netflix and Spotify.
So I guess, yeah, maybe we'll get started from how you used it back then and then also how that translates to like customers using it now and go from there.
@36:21 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I worked at companies that were tech companies by nature. So they're filled with engineers, some of whom build enterprise tech.
And when you work in those companies, sometimes those engineers and product orgs have more power in the company because they're the darlings.
And so when someone like me steps in slinging third-party tech and getting there faster and overlaying that into the enterprise, sometimes you get pushback from them and they're like, why should we spend this amount of money to license and customize for years when we all...
I'll know it's going to get ripped out in three years. And people like me are like, yeah, that's the whole point.
And then we go to the next thing and we know who we are better and we transpose this onto that because there'll always be a cost of this.
But I've had to prove this a lot with solutions that I've licensed over the years. And sometimes we built, we didn't always buy, but I licensed or bought more than built.
And you have to show this to leaders because leaders inside companies don't always know. Like the legal leaders just look at a bunch of an engineering org sitting right there going, can't they just build a contract lifecycle management solution?
I'm like, no, look what they built for the last 10 years. It's trash. It's seven repositories, no unique metadata.
People can't find anything. They're fractured. No, they can't. And to build what we want to buy and spend in three years to get that amount of features, for users now and value.
And speed and ROI. You're going to have to spend like $10 million. And there's no one hungrier for your money for doing this work than the startups or the SaaS companies who want the business.
These product and engineering people, they get really bored with these things they build because it's very boring. Like enterprise tech is not where they want to be.
They all want to be in consumer. And the minute they can, they're out and switching teams. so the number of engineers we had to rotate through with the engineering team at Netflix was absurd.
We had to start over with them or the new product manager every six months. But go back to the beginning of the whole vision.
I had to explain it again. So this was like a lot of my life of getting buy-in at tech companies and now even in non-tech companies, but at a lot of companies.
They're like, well, can't ChatGPT do this? Can't Claude just do this across 500,000 documents? And it's like, you'd still need an AI engineer to make that work.
And people don't understand that. They think it's magic. So I feel like this is coming back out as a needed analysis to understand.
And people, I had a demo with someone recently, like another startup founder. He's like, oh, so you just have a rag and you can search over the top.
I'm like, not really, dickhead. It's a lot deeper than that. I can see why your startup doesn't do that well.
And no, it's really complex. If everyone could do what we built, every single CLM would have it, every single one on that floor.
I think we were one of two, maybe three vendors of 108 that have this search capability that we have.
And I know we can outperform them. But I was... Sitting there with customers, I'm like, we're the only one vectorizing.
We're the only one vectorizing on this floor and doing embeddings. I'm almost positive of that.
@40:12 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Are there any kind of, because it sounds like this document is one of the many toolkits they use to get buy-in.
And I think this is probably one of the biggest struggles that legal ops have to even implement Contracts AI into their teams.
And so are there any other tips that you would kind of provide to just kind of like get that conversation in the door?
And then, because I imagine it's not just this one document. There's a lot of back and forth meetings and Slack, DM, emails, all that kind of stuff.
Yeah. Anything that you've done in the past that's kind of helped you get this buy-in?
@40:54 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
You have to show the cost and then you have to show like the time to value. That's a big hidden piece here, is how fast is it at the user's fingertips helping inside the company, and you have people onboarded and using it.
But there's this, there's build versus buy, and then there's, I built another one, which was CLM versus contract intelligence.
This is going to be, I can share this with you also. So this is, I did, I wrote this up for Dares, based on their contract volume, the cost of CLM, value, timeline, go live, timeline, and breaking this down kind of feature by feature.
And this is another thing that people have to, are going to have to get their minds around, because a lot of is,
If legal leaders are going to go, we have a CLM, why do we need this? And so the legal ops, the buyers have to inform their leadership everything they're learning from me and us.
And it's smart leaders will get it and they'll get it instantly. It's just they have to undo a lot of what they were sold and their definitions of these technologies.
So you have to undo that and it takes a little bit of time and these kinds of write-ups and meetings to discuss and let the paradigm shift.
@42:37 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, okay. Awesome. I think I have everything for the next week, potentially even two. Or yeah, I have quite a lot from today, but it's good.
Amazing, amazing. Any new feature updates or product announcements that we should make? Because it's been a while, I'd say.
@43:01 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I think we might be ready to announce the Word add-on that we built and the ability to search and redline against precedent in Microsoft Word.
That's pretty much there. We've been working on that for weeks. I think maybe we should do the idea you had of like, let's do a write-up first.
Yeah. And then let's see how it does. Or maybe at the end, it's like, do you want to see a video of this?
Like we call it an action. Comment below if you want me to make the video. It would be great if like as a part two to that video, my friend Sheena anonymized her two-doubt results against GCAI and Anthropic.
@43:47 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
So for that specific word feature, are we kind of trying to compare with what other people are doing? Because I think you mentioned that this is kind of...
Exactly.
@44:02 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
My whole point with the word add-on is I don't care because it's a commodity and everyone has it. But why did we build it and why did we build it second?
Because ours has the access to the data of your precedent, of your corpus of contracts. And I don't think any of them do.
I don't think any of them let you go. Search across 500 agreements with Amazon and give me a clause based on those.
I don't think any of them are doing that because none of them solved the computer science problem we did and first.
And so I want to showcase the word add-on for that piece alone because that is one of the most sought-after features in legal, period.
@44:45 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay. Awesome. Great. I will get that sorted. And one last thing. So I switched my new computer. So I'm logged out to your...
For LinkedIn, so I can't really, like, add people on your behalf. So I may need to do that again.
That's okay. Do you want do it now?
@45:09 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Yeah, so now. What do I get? I get, like, a code to give you, I think?
@45:17 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
I might need your credentials again, just because I don't save it on my account. Yeah, great.
@45:22 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Privacy reasons. Yeah, let me give you this. This is the password. That easy to remember password in the chat.
Oh, yes.
@45:35 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Very easy. Right, and then it's still to my personal Gmail.
@45:39 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
That's the login.
@45:43 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Okay, cool. Oh, I have one funny update for you. You have a code. Oh, yes.
@45:54 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Oh, yeah. Oh, here's the code. Seven, two. Hang on. 722265. So 722265?
@46:09 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah.
@46:10 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Okay. In?
@46:15 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yes, I'm in. Okay, awesome. Cool. What is the news?
@46:19 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Just a funny wrap up to all of this. So the contract speak easy. The woman leading the conversation is from a tech company from Uber.
And she had this amazing line, which I quoted to you. Someone was like, how did you find this out about contract intelligence?
And she went, it all started when we went to break up with our CLM and I died. I was like, that's the best quote.
And she really led the convo because there's such front running innovators at that kind of company. And they have 20 million contracts at Uber.
So they had to build it and do it soon, et cetera. I chat with her after this wonderful speak easy.
I'm like. I'm like, don't know if I'm going to, but do I have your permission to use that quote, totally anonymous, if I ever do a cool post about this?
I will never reveal. And she's like, yes, you do. And she was very cool. And then I go to find her on LinkedIn yesterday or the day before.
I'm like, let me add people from that speakeasy, make sure we're all connected. And I look her up. And she's the woman who got mad at me about the Elon Musk post.
And wrote like, the woman who wrote the negative comment, which was, she was like, what are you thinking? This is so weird.
His actions have hurt people. And I was like, oh, like . And so I, I connect with her right away.
I write her a note and I'm like, I knew I recognized you. I'm like, you were an Elon Musk comment.
And I said, hey, I appreciate your comment. It made me open my eyes big and take a step back and ask, who do I want to be?
On the internet and in my ramblings. And I'm like, I didn't know. And I learned. Thank you. And by the way, like loved hearing you at this event and I would love to be connected with you.
she wrote me right back and was like, she was like, people don't often eat like that. And I respect you eating and saying you actually learned.
And she goes, sorry for coming in hot. And I'm like, I actually learn best when people come in hot.
I came from a yelling household. Like coaches yelled at me. I played the sport better. I was like, we're good.
And she's like, I've always admired you as a leader. And boom, now we're connected. So really weird, full circle.
Really weird. The universe is just like, look at this.
@48:38 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah. And I guess like our post reached her as well, which is, you know, in a good and bad way.
But yeah. Yeah, in a good and bad way.
@48:45 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
And I, you know, I was mortified by that, but it actually just reminded me like, like, I'm selling software.
have to be universal. I have to be neutral. And when we kick the hornet's nest, it has to be us versus them.
Like us versus, yeah, relevant. Like, you kick the thing that sucks the most, not controversial political figures, polarizing figures.
Like, I want people to look at my LinkedIn and trust and be like, she's us and we're them. Like, so, good learning.
@49:14 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, yeah. One last update. I'm actually starting to work with Colleen from Texio. No , cool. Yeah, yeah. So we're starting onboarding hopefully this week.
yeah. So really appreciate the referral. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah.
@49:31 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
I was at a table of all founders talking about go-to-market, the stack and the tools. And I was the only one who said LinkedIn.
And Clay, head of ops, co-founder, was talking about the power of voice on LinkedIn from your execs, from the founders.
And he was like, show of hands, who's doing that? And I was the only one. And I looked at them all like, what are you guys?
What? And she, she talked to me after and she's like, well, we're a company and kind of turn around.
had to reduce. They had a big popularity moment being the DEI HR platform. She's like, now nobody likes DEI, so I'm the new CEO.
And I'm like, none of that matters. You're a person with a point of view. You have unique stuff to share and perspective.
You can share the pain of turning a company around and caring about something that's like that. And write in a narrative-based way.
People will read it. And she, I think I sold her on it for you.
@50:31 - Osman Lee (Mindshare Lab)
Yeah, thank you. Thank you so much. Yeah, really appreciate it. Awesome. Lovely to chat, as always. I will send you through the drafts in a few days.
And yeah, looking forward to chatting next week.
@50:43 - Jenn McCarron (Contracts)
Thanks, Osman. See you next week. Bye, Jen. Bye.
